For the hipster in every parent.  We purchased this as a baby shower gift from a list.  Parents love it and it looks exactly like the picture.  Its a sucker, what else do you need to know?|pos
These pacifers are cute.  They are easier to keep up with.<br />The baby can hold onto the pacifer as well.|pos
These are the only pacies she likes. What I like is that they are fully silicone (or whatever that is), so there are no parts that can break off and become a choking hazard. I also like that they are softer than the pacifiers with the plastic base, which can be abrasive to a baby's sensitive mouth.|pos
These are great. My baby loves these for some reason. They are the only brand he'll take. Cute monster design too.|pos
We lose pacis all over the house so it's nice to have something a little bigger.  It's also easy for a small child to hold onto when sleeping.  Love this!|pos
very good and cute! my baby loves it! and i love it too but would have been better if there's cover to come with.|pos
i got these because i was worried that letting my older infant use the 0-3 month size would be some sort of safety hazard. the only real difference is that the plastic on this size is thicker (and thus maybe sturdier). he seems to like them as much as he liked the softer 0-3 month size. but there is enough difference between the sizes that a baby who is more particular about the softness of his soothie might prefer one or the other.|pos
They've been durable so far (including several times through the washer), and he'll suck on them happily for extended periods.|pos
My new born LOVES this, he likes hugging it while he uses it. Fits in his hands just fine, we have tons of monkey stuff for him :)|pos
I got this for my son we received so much compliments about this & he was just so cute with it.|pos
Great value! These are so hard to find in our local stores, my daughter is super finicky when it comes to binkys. This brand is the only one she takes, other than her thumb!|pos
I bought two of these as gifts for my friend that was having twins.  Her boys both use and love these things.|pos
I had this set on my baby registry at target but it sold out :( so I found the gift set on amazon & ordered it immediately, it's prettier in person exactly what I was looking for since I want my baby to have all MAM bottles & pacifiers. I love how everything is broken down into pieces, easier to clean. Can't wait until my baby's here to use them! ;)|pos
When the baby drops them, the dogs have a party. Easier to keep off the floor than the standard pacifier|pos
I ordered these pacifiers because they were different than the styles I had seen in the stores but when they arrived they were not the ones pictured they were the plain pink just like you can get any where else. I was so disappointed.|neg
My son loved his WubbaNub pacifier and so did I!  After a short time, he was able to place this pacifier in his mouth ON HIS OWN!  I can't express in words how happy THAT made me!<br /><br />This frog is the perfect size...not too big, but not too small either.  Washing was a breeze - I just stuck it in the washing machine with his clothes and would let it air dry.<br /><br />Another bonus, around 1 year of age, HE decided to stop using it on his own.  I'm so glad that I didn't have to go through that battle with him!  I think that kids generally don't want large items hanging out of their mouth by that age...so rather than have the trouble of getting rid of a pacifier at 2+, he has learned to self soothe without one.<br /><br />Thanks WubbaNub for making a quality product that we all enjoy! As a side note, these pacifiers are simply cute...so they quickly become a lovable part of your daily routine.|pos
Despite reading the other reviews, I was still surprised how well made this was! The beads are all wooden with quality decorations. It fits with all of the different types of pacifiers I have for my pipsqueak, including her Soothies which have really small holes, so that's a plus. I was tempted to drop it a star because I wish the attachment was spring-based instead of clip-based but I love this thing so much I'm going to let that slide. I get tons of compliments on it and have completely tossed aside the other pacifier attacher I have.|pos
This is great for babys.It stays in there mouth because of the wieght and they are adorable.A must have to keep baby satified and quiet.|pos
My 3 month old son absolutely adores his wubbanub. The first color infants see is red, which is why I chose this one. :)|pos
I bought the dog when my little girl was born. Yes pricey but if you think about it, you are getting two in one. A snuggle friend for infants small enough to not worry about it smothering your little one and a soothie. I got the lamb for my little prince. It arrived faster than it was suppose to and packed well. Of course i will be buying more. They are adorable and my two month old loves it|pos
She loved this so much because she could easily hold, grab, and position it. We got a back up in case she lost the first one.|pos
I bought these for my son and I was very disappointed when I got them! The nipple is horrible and small. The only thing nice about these pacifiers are the nice looking logo on the front. Otherwise I would not recommend these to anyone!|neg
my grandson loves his ! got these for the baby shower and hes 4 mos now and uses it regularly its very cute|pos
My new nephew received this for Christmas. He was born in November and my sister said he's sleeping through the night since she started using it with him!|pos
so cute, well built. my daughter loves it. Soft, bright colours, The pacifier is also very soft not what I expected and my duaghter has no confusion between pacifier and breast|pos
my daughter loves these. well built. never interfered with our breastfeeding. cant get these so cheap here in Australia so its also a bargain. always getting asked about them and they are so cute.|pos
This Rubber Pacifier works really good, and our baby loves it very much. I've tried no less than five pacifier, and this is the only we are still using.|pos
Absolutely love these nubs! They have been a life saver! So much easier to find and keep track of than plain nubs|pos
The more I thought about this product, I lost confidence it was safe for a kid/baby to place in it's mouth.  I think it was shipped from overseas, there should be some assurance as to what it is made of to make sure it is safe to be in the mouth of a baby.|neg
This product arrived within the timeframe as promised.  It is super cute, and good quality. I  gave this as a gift.|pos
A great product. Cute and very functional. Little bear helps baby hold on to paci or it can lay next to baby in bed. They used these in the NICU when my preemie was born, and they're now a staple for all of my baby shower gifts!|pos
these were a gag gift for my brother. hes a big cowboys fan that is always whining about not getting something cowboys..some good laughs|pos
Santa brought this for my 3 month baby and I'm so glad he did!  She loves her green binky and is just starting to grasp onto toys/snuggle with soft toys.  This combination of the two makes for a perfect thing for her.  I've seen some of the other Wubbanubs and some of them are just ugly.  This one is so cute though - the face on the little lamb is adorable and it's velour-soft.  Love it.|pos
As soon as mu girlfriend gave this to her new baby ... she and her husband started laughing so hard & taking pictures. I was delighted. I got texts and FB msgs for days. It made my month.|pos
I turned them into ornaments for my expecting co-worker. She loved them. Cute, affordable. Would definitely buy again for another sports fan.|pos
it didnot arived,very un setysfied,if it will arive to my adress i wil give five stars,please give my money back|neg
Great pacifier. Stays clear of baby's nostrils for easy breathing and suction if needed. Cute patterns/styles, as well. Soft edges won't hurt baby's gums when teething.|pos
Sooo cute! I bought it to go with the baby cowboy outfit & it's the perfect accessory! I love it!|pos
It goes wonderfully with my leaded crystal placenta serving bowl.  However, little Ainslee Quinoa prefers platinum to white gold.  I do hope in the future they will consider upgrading their material.  But I suppose for only 17K you get what you pay for.|pos
Me and my kids are sports fans and my first grandson will be also. My kids always used the Nuk and it worked great.|pos
My 12 week old loves it and the hospital provided one so this is our go to brand for now.|pos
Helps reduce the countless times my daughter drops her pacifier and keeps her more content in her car seat. Easy to clean too!|pos
we are so relieved that our son liked this pacifier.  He is exclusively breastfed and he is now 5 months.  After trying 5 different pacifier a friend gave me a Mexican honey filled pacifier and my son loved it.  We were scared it would pop but also I enjoyed the extra sleep, and  personal time.  I needed to find a pacifier that didn't frighten me yet he loved.  this one looks and feels just like the Mexican one.  I purchased the rounded butterfly 12 months and older.  I'm going to order a size down and keep this size for the future or as a spare.|pos
my god did my babies love these....so much so they never took to another pacifier as they got bigger.  they would cry for these.<br />a word of caution:  once kids get a little bigger they can stuff the entire thing in their mouth and choke.  i caught my little ones a couple times with it nearly entirely in their mouth.  beware.|pos
we have these is several colors, my baby will not accept any other brand we've tried. She rejected NUK, and I don't feel comfortable giving her a pacifier that covers half her face (like those large round soothers)|pos
My boy has outgrown these awhile ago. We loved them. They're easy to wash and make the kid feel comfortable. I think be bought 20 in all. He finally outgrew them thou and now we're buying them for friends having kids.|pos
My son loves pacifiers, especially since they used them to soothe him in the NICU. I wanted something bigger, that would allow for further orthodontic development. My son prefers the silicone ones, as he also uses them as a teether the hard orthodontic part is completely sealed in by the silicone, and it's just easier to keep clean. Yay!.|pos
Arrived fast. And this product really calm my baby down. He doesn't use it often. I like it but every baby is different. I would recommend.|pos
We have gotten plenty of laughs from this passy for our son. Worth the fun and reaction of others. He liked using it as well once he got old enough for how big it was.|pos
Philips AVENT BPA Free Soothie Pacifier, Green, 3+ Months, 6 pack .Three sets of two pacifiers, 6 green soothies total.|pos
Just like the one the hospital gave us except in blue and the only pacifier my son will take. Lifesaver!|pos
I bought this for my grand daughter, and many people would stop us to ask where we bought it. Love it and many others as well.|pos
My sister purchased one like this and gifted it to me at my baby shower. Anytime my son sported it, he got endless comments on how edgy & cute it was. It became my son's go-to pacifier. I decided to order another one myself due to his old one wearing out. Shipping on this item was fast. Looking forward to gift a couple of these at future baby showers.|pos
This was a big hit for the babies. There were lots of pictures taken with them, but the handle bars were the best!|pos
We won't use another binky. This is the only one that my daughter, will take and she loves them. I love the design as well!|pos
This pattern was so much better than what I was finding at the store. Very cute. My daughter only likes this brand.|pos
bought binkies for my baby BOY and they sent pink binkies. Not ok, unless I never wanted to take him out of my house in public. They should have an option for what color you want!|neg
And because these are made from a single piece of rubber, no dirt accumulates anywhere on the paci. And because there're no plastic parts, when the kid rolls over one in sleep, it doesn't hurt and wake him up.|pos
My nephew loved this thing.  He loved being able to hold onto the dog while sucking on the nipple part.  Helped him with his hands and learning how to hold things.|pos
I currently had the WubbaNub Monkey and do not leave home without it. Do to problem with my sons lower jaw he was not able to breast feed. But he still likes to suck. This has been a life saver already and will continue to come in handy. before receiving these products I was totally anti pacifier. However this product also works as a security blanket as well.|pos
First of all, I love that I can see the corners of my little guys lips when he smiles with his paci in! So cute! They also made it really easy for him to grab on to when he was getting his finger dexterity figured out.|pos
These things are so hard to open I hate it. Also you cannot fit more than one pacifier in them, I use the soothies brand. I wish they were easier to open.|neg
Sent them to a friend that's a huge Alabama friend as an early baby gift. She doesn't know the gender, yet, but says she loves them either way.|pos
This bear is adorable!! I got this for my expecting niece and brought. A smile :) it may or may not work for her newborn.. But is neat and makes a great baby shower gift!! Love it and the idea behind it!! :)|pos
I like that these are not green like all of the other soothies I see in the stores. Super cute.|pos
I breast feed exclusively and my baby is able to easily switch between this pacifier and my nipple. My newborn is also able to hold this pacifier.|pos
My son loved these pacifiers.... although he didn't suck on them, just let them hang out of his mouth.  They have to be replaced often because of the natural rubber so they can get expensive.|pos
Stores around here do not carry this type of pacifier and my toddler won't use anything else.  I was down to my last one and then this package arrived and saved the day!!!|pos
We are huge Wubba fans at our house. My son used this every day for the first 6 months of his life. He loved hanging onto the giraffe and playing with it while sucking on the pacifier. These are great.|pos
This is a really cute idea for a pacifier--have seen other animals but only saw the dragon online--was thrilled with it|pos
Same as the Pacifier that you get at the hospital in the nursery just  in a pretty color so the baby doesn't know the difference and adjust well.|pos
Perfect for my newborn to keep in her mouth.  Now they she's not exactly a newborn it's easy to keep track of and find when she tosses it or in the middle of the night when she cries out.|pos
A MUST HAVE!!! The WubbaNub held my son's pacifier in (or close enough he could reach it) through the night! Eliminates that constant searching through the bed trying to find a paci!|pos
He loved these when he was using a nub. they are supper easy to find when they fall out of his eye sight. perfect gift|pos
He loved these when he was using a nub. they are supper easy to find when they fall out of his eye sight. perfect gift|pos
This is the only brand of gum drop I will ever buy.  All the others (first years) are just different and my baby could tell.  This one is exactly like the one from the hospital and he would not even attempt to use the others.  The vanilla scent wasn't as strong as some of the other scented pacifiers out there and that was definitely a plus.  The scent was just enough to be soothing without being overpowering.|pos
Perfect texture and softness, yet durable.  The closest thing to a real nipple which is why I think my LO took to it (unlike every other pacifier I tried to give her).  The orthodontic shape is the natural shape made when she's sucking for comfort (versus breastfeeding), another reason I think she took to it.  I have 3 of them (2 for home and 1 for traveling) and will easily spend the $9 on more if they need replacing.  I also really like the groove for under the nose so it gives her room to breathe, as well as the size - it's big enough that she can find it in her crib in the middle of the night to self-soothe herself back to sleep.  And because it's soft everywhere, it doesn't wake her up if she rolls over it or turns her face onto it.|pos
These are the only pacifiers that my boys will use. They're well made and last a good long time (at least until my son bites through the rubber). You can also find these for a little cheaper at your local Wallyworld, but I prefer to buy them at Amazon for obvious reasons.|pos
These are fantastic. My baby was given one at the hospital and now she won't use any other pacifier. She loves this thing.|pos
I received some Mam pacifiers as a baby shower gift.  They were 6m+ so when he was 6 months I washed them up and tried one.  He had been liking the Avent pacifiers so I didn't expect him to like these large, oddly shaped pacifiers- but he loved them!  I wasn't even sure what brand they were, so I asked around, and my day care provider knew it was a Mam.  I ordered more and he they are his faves!  He prefers over Avent and Nuk.  I read reviews and many other reviewers said their babies really liked these when they were teething.  Mine is definitely teething.  I'm not sure if that is why he likes them, or if its something else, but I swear by them now.|pos
My daughter never took to a pacifier, but she loved playing with the stuffed animal attached to it. She occasionally sucked on the pacifier when she was in the car, but mostly it was just a chew toy for her! Either way, she loved her WubbaNub! Easy to clean.|pos
I use only the Gumdrop pacifiers with our current baby, mainly for safety, as all she ever wants to do with them is bite on them while teething. Gumdrop ones are all one piece, so there is nothing to accidentally choke on, since there are no pieces to break apart.<br />With our other babies, we used NUK and MAM, which I also love, but we've discovered this brand with our baby and LOVE it! She can stick her finger inside the nipple part and bite down without actually hurting herself...we do this for her as well, without getting bit, and she can gnaw to her heart's content...the are nice colours, and I like that they have changed the design to be curved under the nose, instead of round like the original ones that used to cover over babies' noses...|pos
My grand-daughters like the soft pacifier. Even now, 10 months they prefere it and chew on them happily! Good purchase!|pos
They glow in the dark! It's a brilliant idea. These are not the only glow in the dark pacifiers on the market--others have thin glowing handles--but since the whole big MAM button glows, they are REALLY easy to see in the middle of the night, especially when sleepy, fumbling fingers drop them on the floor.<br /><br />Out of curiosity I held one under a lamp light for about fifteen seconds, then turned off the light and went to sleep. Two hours later when my baby woke it, it was still glowing...two hours after THAT, there was still a faint glow--just enough to see it if the rest of the room was completely dark, so you don't need a lot of light to get these &#34;charged&#34; for the night. If you are going to get MAM pacifiers anyway--you might as well forgo the &#34;regular&#34; ones and just get these!|pos
It's fairly straightforward and simple, which is what we like about it.  It can hold 2 (maybe 3 if they're small and flexible) pacifiers.  The hanging portion of the holder has a 'split-ring' design so that it easy to hook onto our stroller or any other loop.<br /><br />It's made of stiff plastic, which actually works out well for us.  Because it keeps it shape, it has less of a chance of getting lost in the diaper bag.  Rather than using Ziploc bags, which always seemed a little 'eh' this works well.  It's also easy to stay organized--a pacifier in the case is clean, everything else is assumed to be dirty.|pos
My baby girl looks so cool she loves it and this mommy loves it too! must buy for punk rockers|pos
Since our pacifiers came with their own clip-on covers, I actually use this for my nipple shield that is needed for me to breastfeed. It fits perfectly and is much better than the plastic baggie I had been using! It has a velcro closure and it's nice that the strap has a snap so you can hook it onto diaper bags, etc.|pos
One of the best pacifiers for premiee babies. My daughter loves these and the vanilla scented smoothes her and while she was in the NICU it was a blessing.|pos
My son loves these! This is the same one that comes on the wubbanub and my son likes the soothies. I buy them for every friend I know having a baby!|pos
its cute! its not exactly the same color as shown in the picture its a little darker for some reason it looks lavender to me on the picture but its actually very pink and cute!|pos
The npple is very hard!  My daughter did not like, using a bottle nipple is easier than this using this!|neg
My baby loves these! They have no cracks for dirt/germs to live in and they are super soft. She even likes to chew on the other side to soothe her gums from teething. I love that there is no BPA or BPS in them. A lot of BPA free pacifiers still contain BPS - which is JUST AS SCARY! Love the natural rubber!|pos
my son loves the MAM pacifiers.  they are the only ones he will use.  i've tried other brands, but continue to go back to these.  same thing with  my twin girls.  they turned every other pacifier away.  all three of my kids loved their MAMs.|pos
It glows at night so you don't have to turn on a light to give baby the pacifier. Just as described.|pos
I ordered these pacifiers for my best friend's newborn son.  Although I wish I could have picked the color / pattern of the pacifiers, I am super happy with this product.  They are durable, well-sized, and adorable.  Not to mention, they pacify baby AND mom.|pos
You will always have a paci on hand with this! It attaches wherever you need it so you won't be without one!|pos
Got a lot of comments on this one and the baby liked it lots and lots and lots and lots!|pos
These hello kitty pacifiers are so adorable!!! I can't wait to have my little one use it in her ill mouth :) if she doesn't like them I can always keep it to look at heh.|pos
It's so cute and beautiful. It's a great gift and it liked so much. I will buy some more. Great article!|pos
Exactly what we got at the hospital,  which was what I was looking for. These are my baby's favorite Pacifiers.|pos
My sister-in-law thinks this is quite funny. They said that they intend to take pictures of their infant and send it to me, but from what I have heard they really love it.|pos
It was a gift for my great nephew (who is 4 mos. old) and I've heard he loves it.  Plus it's great that when he spits out the pacifier the monkey keeps it from falling on the floor (usually).  We HIGHLY recommend it!!!!|pos
These are my son's favorite brand. Love the &#34;Air&#34; style where he doesn't have a ton of drool or moisture pressed against his face. Plus, you can see him smile through it. Great product.<br /><br />Comes with a sanitizing case so you add a little water, microwave it, they're completely disinfected.|pos
The Wubbanub Monkey is great!!! Regular pacifiers fall out when the baby starts sucking on it and starts to pop it up and down in their mouth.  Very frustrating to keep putting back in their mouth especially while you're trying to get them to sleep.<br /><br />With the wubbanub monkey pacifier, you can spread out it's legs so the pacifier stays in her mouth as she pops it in and out.  The head weighs it down just enough to keep it in.  The position of the pacifier sewed into the monkey's mouth is a good angle to help it stay in.  I heard from friends that some of the other animals are not as good as the monkey for the angle.  The monkey is small and light enough that when she's turning her head back and forth (fighting to not go to sleep) and it gets on her face, she can still breathe just fine.<br /><br />I tried the pacifier clip before purchasing the monkey. The clip works well to keep it from dropping on the floor, but doesn't help with keeping it in her mouth.<br /><br />FYI: this does not keep it in her mouth all the time.  At times, she likes to grab it, yank it out, and sometimes toss it.  But it works well most of the time.  I'd buy it again.<br /><br />She's now almost 4 months old and has been able to grab it and get it into her mouth a few times.  She also loves to suck on it's legs and tail now that she's a little older.  So we only need one item to go out instead of a toy and pacifier.<br /><br />Other sleep suggestions:  From birth to about 2 months old, she just wasn't sleeping well at all, she constantly woke herself up when her arms would suddenly move - it startled her.  So with much trial and error, I found the solution to my baby sleeping all night: this swaddle sleepsack (her arms stopped waking her up), her monkey wubbanub pacifier (monkey keeps it in her mouth as she pops it in and out (most of the time), munchkin nursery projector/sound machine turned to heartbeat & projector, mattress at a slight angle (seemed to reduce reflux) = baby sleeping all night 6-10 hrs!!!! PRAISE the LORD for sleep!!!|pos
I ordered this for my two month old baby boy because every night when we put him to sleep he wanted his pacifier as comfort and every time his binky fell he would search for it with his eyes closed and when he did not find it that caused him to wake up and cry. With this WubbaNub Puppy it held the pacifier in place most of the time and gave us and him better sleep at night. We also lose a lot of pacifiers so the stuff animal made it easier for us to locate where we misplaced his pacifier. Would definitely purchase this again.|pos
Very cute! Gender neutral and easy to locate in the dark - as opposed to the clear ones. This is baby's favorite pacifier.|pos
Super cute.  Baby loves it.  Much cheaper online than in the stores.  Seems to be good quality.  We ended up buying a pink giraffe too because they work so well.|pos
My son loves his puppy wubbanub! He's always had it but after he turned 2 we snipped off the pacifier so he could still snuggle with his puppy and rub the little ears on it. I think it made getting rid of the pacifier a much easier process! Every night he has to have his puppy :)|pos
Bought this three years ago for my little girl as a newborn who didnt like pacifiers at all and she loved it. Hard to miss place with the toy attached as without it can get buried under her in the carseat or in the baby bag. Now that she is older she plays with the toy part with the pacifier disattached. Ordering the lamb for my newest addition as a xmas stocking stuffer. A must have product|pos
This is my daughter's favorite pacifier.  As an infant with limited motor control, the best part is that the animal body makes it more difficult for her to lose it or for it to fall out of her mouth.|pos
My baby kept getting a rash where the pacifier sheild was against her face so we started giving her these at night. They fixed the problem within days.|pos
This is my lifesaver. We give this to our toddler during bedtime. She has used this since she was an infant and it is so useful because she could grab it and keeps it from falling from her mouth. This also makes the pacifier easier to find than the traditional ones when they fall under the table, out of her crib, etc.|pos
These are good quality, and work very well.  My son loves them and will take no other type of pacifier as a substite|pos
When I first saw these I thought they were a little goofy.  I got this for my daughter, who was 6 months at the time & she loves it.  We take it everywhere.  Usually she sucks on the pacifier, but sometimes she chews on his legs or the tags, or just throws him around.  I've washed it in the washer a couple of times and it has held up well.  After 3 months of daily use there is no sign that the pacifier is anywhere close to detaching.  The lamb is small enough that I feel safe putting it in her bed with her to hold onto while she sleeps.|pos
Love that there is no &#34;wrong way&#34; for baby to put in his mouth. Also love that it is made in the UK.|pos
My son wouldn't take these. I paid way too much for them, AND I got pink. Wish I would have paid more attention to the colors may vary. Not ordering pacifiers online that say that ever again|neg
We ordered these pacifiers for our little guy who was around 12 months at the time. He loves them! I really like the soft, gummy design and the way that you can see inside of them while they are in use. It's funny when he flips them around upside down. Due to the color pattern, it almost looks like he has a blue mustache :) I would definitely recommend these pacifiers to other moms/babies for the quality and design. They are great for older babies and young toddlers as they are designed for babies with teeth. Our son has 4 teeth right now so they're perfect.|pos
I love these things.  I have a few in different shapes for my little girl so there is always one in the car or crib.  The best thing about them is they allow you to prop it in their mouth to lower the chances of it falling out when they are sleeping.|pos
LOL this is hilarious. It's so &#34;gansta&#34;. I got this for my friend's baby shower. She had the mustache one. She couldn't stop cracking up.|pos
Good to keep the pacifier clean.  I keep it all the time in the baby carry bag.  Unfortunately, my grandson doesn't like the pacifier by the time he was 5 months old.|pos
My  boy and daughter in law being a Wyoming cowboy Fans I thought this might look the part  on my newest grandson|pos
Poor quality, the colors are too faded.  Item isn't the same as on picture.  I do not recommend this item.|neg
Received exactly what I ordered. I wish you could specify a color rather than assorted, though.  Should specify boy (blue) or girl (pink) or neutral (green or yellow).<br /><br />Carol Price|pos
it is so cute, but i am still expecting. Have to wait until my baby is born to put it on|pos
My 4th baby was born tongue tied and lip tied.  She has to relearn to suck properly to breastfeed or bottle feed and  the soothies are the pacifier that was recommended for that.  A friend told me about the Wubbunubs, so I purchased two.  So stinking cute and our little one loves holding onto the stuffed animal part.|pos
I ordered the first essential nooks in blue 4 packages and they sent me pink. What am I going to do with that for a boy.|neg
Everyone should have these pacifiers!  They are perfect for babies who don't quite have a strong sucking grip and when they fall, they are easier to find (no rolling under the sofa!).  Throw in washing machine then rinse any soap residue off pacifier.  Very durable.  When my son was 1 year, I cut the paci off the mouth of the monkey and handed it to him when he went to bed...He started to put it in his mouth then realized the pacifier was gone then he just squeezed the monkey and laid down!  No more paci after that day and no issues!|pos
My son loves Dr. Browns binkeys and they said its good for 12 months plus.  My son is 18 months.  I know I should ween him off but he teethes so bad that I just cant take it away|pos
My Son Loved this item! He was not a paci baby, and I wanted to have one thing that he would enjoy to give me a little time... well this was it! The alligator shape was great too, easy for him to handle.|pos
This is an excellent product, at a very good price. I had looked all over for the newborn size.  It was just what I wanted!|pos
THIS IS AN ADORABLE ITEM. BABY HOLDS IT ON ITS OWN. ITS A NATURAL. BABY LOVES IT. A MUST HAVE|pos
We love these Philips Avent Binky's. They are hard to find and are great to have around. We keep them all over the house as my daughter loves her Binky's.|pos
My baby loved these! They were perfect for when he was little and they soothed him to sleep because of their design. I recommend!|pos
Very handy.  I like that it holds two. Easier to clean than fabric pacifier carriers. And at this price you can buy several to have on hand.|pos
My daughter absolutely loves this pacifier. She clutches the adorable stuffed monkey like it is a life saver, and believe me, it is!!!|pos
These are great.  I wish every paci was glow in the dark.  Make it sooo much easier to find in the middle of the night when my baby looses his.|pos
This item was recommended to me by a friend. I thought it was very silly, now I don't know if we could live without it! I am ordering another one just in case this one gets lost. It helps keep the binky in my daughters mouth, but also she likes to stroke the arms and legs and seems to find it comforting. It also makes it much easier to find in the diaper bag without taking everything out of the bag in a mad search for a binky. I will buy one for every baby shower I go to from now on.|pos
This wubbanub is great for helping my son keep it in his mouth. It isn't far if he spits it out and he can push it back in. Plus he likes to play with it to! Bought at 3 month old.|pos
This is the second time I am buying it. The teat is flat and I can tell my son prefers this shape to others.|pos
I have 10 month old twin boys and I got these when they were 2 months.  The plush toy makes it easy for the baby to find and put into his mouth.  It also keeps us from losing pacy's|pos
These are correct size to use for babies under 6 months. Cute colors, BPA free. Our daughter is happy with these. Review after 1 year: These become our daughters only pacifiers. She is more than a year old, and still using the same size. I had to replace them because they seem to disappear, but love that made of one piece of silicon, and easy to clean. Turned out we never had to go up in size. These are the best. Nice color, we tried all of them, and the green is the one that had been loved the most!|pos
I love these pacifiers, they are wonderful and everyone recommends them. I love this product and will continue to purchase them for future baby showers.|pos
Simply, babies love these and they become their comfort toy and a must for parents. My daughter hated giving hers up as she was growing up.|pos
I'm not one of those moms that needs every new thing under the sun, but this is truly worth it's weight in gold!  I had gotten this when my daughter was 3 months old and it is so nice that when she starts fussing, the pacifier doesn't fall out of her mouth completely.  She's holding on to mr toutou, so once she's done fussing, she just sucks on the pacifier without me needing to put it back in her mouth.  This is also great for car rides.  When she wakes up in the car, he's right there for her.  No need to scream or have mommy reach back to find a pacifier and put it in! She's almost 5 months now and after seeing how well it worked, I bought a backup- Elliot the elephant, a replacement pacifier and the soft teethers that attach (not a necessity yet, but she still enjoys the textures).  Everything is high quality.  I would recommend this over the other brands that don't detach from the stuffed animal because the pacifier part needs to be washed off a lot in our pet friendly home and I think its gross to put a pacifier in the washer/dryer.  It would get nicks and cracks in it much easier and common sense says that's where bacteria likes to live.  The pacifier itself is very similar to our advent soothie pacifier and I never worry about it being pulled off the stuffed animal by her- it's secured by three round nubbins that push in to a soft plastic on the dogs head.  Even if it did fall off, it's the same exact size as her soothie.  I really recommend this product and will be ordering one for each and every baby shower I attend!|pos
A lot of people have left negative reviews that are unfair. First of all, ALL pacifiers wear out and need replacing every so often. Not just this one. Secondly, in my experience anyway, if you give your baby a brand of pacifier that he gets used to and then try to switch it to another brand... it won't go over well. This pacifier DOES have a smell, but it does not bother me at all. In fact, I've grown to love it. I think of my baby instantly when I smell it. This pacifier DOES get sticky- it means it's time to replace it. This pacifier DOES hit the nose- it's supposed to. I never felt that it blocked airflow or in any way bothered my baby and we've been using ONLY these pacifiers since he was two weeks old. He refuses to take anything else and I honestly don't care- these are the best!!!|pos
This binky is pricey but a great alternative to all the plastic your baby is probably already sucking on.<br /><br />If your kid is around others who have similar binkies, though, you'll have to label this somehow. You could attach it to a clip, for example, or put a dot at the base in permanent marker. We've &#34;lost&#34; a bunch of these during childcare since they look so similar to other natural rubber ones.<br /><br />Another drawback: Drop it in the middle of the night, and you'll never find it. Good luck if you kick it with a toe while your baby is in your arms. It will find a way across the room to the point of no return until you put the baby down and turn all the lights on (maybe). Do they make glow-in-the-dark pacifier clips? If they do, they're probably toxic, and your baby shouldn't be in the crib with a binkie clip anyway.<br /><br />I still give this 5 stars because it's so well made and a great plastic alternative.|pos
I am a school nurse and have been using this and the professional level one. It is very accurate. I have found that when you do not watch the instruction CD and read the directions, it will seem that this does not work. It works great, no spit transmission, and it never misses a fever. Folks have to realize that to get an ideal temp, a patient has to wait 15 minutes to get acclimated to the room. If a kid comes in from the cold outside his skin temp will be cool thus a lower temp. Most kids with fever come in red cheeked, red ears, irritable, and lethargic plus other symptoms. I usually recheck only the fevers with a B&D digital under the tongue thermometer (which is consider the most accurate way to test). I would say that 99% of the time the two match. Confounding factors are: did the child have a cold drink after lunch before he came into the office? Is the child dehydrated? Has the child not been fed? Dehydration can raise core temp. Not eating a meal can reduce temp since metabolism is slowed due to no body fuel. Cold drinks cool down the mouth and head. Temp is dynamic and changes throughout the day with one's circadium cycle. Last thoughts, if you have 2 thermometers and one reads normal and the other reads high, which one is right or wrong? There is more to an assessment than temp just saying.|pos
Our Baby Boy loves these!!! He's 7 wks old and just starting to hang on to them .. These are very soft!|pos
My baby loves these. Good price on this product. Same product you find in stores cheaper. Would purchase again and again|pos
These little wipes are fabulous. Not a strong smell and so convenient for when a binki  gets dropped. Clean well. Buy a few packages, you will need them.|pos
Was the hit of the baby shower. A little on the small side but still fun. have to cut out the pacifiers yourself|pos
These are the only pacifiers both of my children will take. I love them. They are very soft and come in different sizes for different ages. The different colors are nice so we can tell whos is whos.|pos
Arrived quick and was exactly what I was expecting! Looks hilarious! It is a must have for every single baby.|pos
I go to da South side all da time to buy me some jewlereee my man dayday like it when I look fresh. I been puttin off buyin food for da kids to save for da dis. After all ain't school lunch free? I tell em to steal some of da lunches cuz they ain't eating at home. Dayday say I'm his gurl and dat he want me on the skeets to prove to him I kare so it been like a few years and I can finally come home and I got 17 grand for him. He said he need to buy dis for some hoodrat and that is having a baby...pssshhhh Laquonda is her name she b wanting dis for a baby shower gift. I ordered it online my mom's help me type my address in and it came da other day. I ain't never seen anything so shiny before it lit up my whole room. Well thanks to da amazon ppl dayday and laquonda took da pacifire and left me here with da kids.  But I gots a plan I'm gonna get me a job at da Popeye and find me a man.|pos
It's super cute, but the best part is how much my niece loves her ducky. I think every baby should have one.|pos
It is hilarious. I bought 2 for my brother's twins and they look good in the box. It is a Xmas gift, so they haven't tried it yet, but everybody who saw them so far laughed, so it is a good sign :)|pos
Item was exactly what we were looking for.  My son loved it and my wife was happy as the different colors allowed her to color coordinate more outfits to pacifiers as well.|pos
My baby is really happy with these. I think it has to do with the fact that the nipple is flat not rounded. I like the clear look - really slick design.|pos
Only pacifier that works. I now what to reorder, but the picture shows a bottle????<br /><br />What am I ordering, the item name or what's on the picture??? :-)|pos
Love these things! Our daughter took it everywhere with her, and it made it easy to find and keep track of, and it stays in place!|pos
We love the wubbanub pacifiers.  When my son falls asleep, I had to search his basinet for the regular pacifiers, but with the wubbanub, it is always on his chest or right beside him.  He's 2 months old now and he's starting to grab it and play with it. So, that kills two birds with one stone.|pos
The pacifier comes atached to the girafe. I was hoping for a pacifier holder, were I could change the pacifier and esterilise it.<br />The way it is, is impossible to esterilise the pacifier.|neg
Best thing ever for infants!  Easy to find and rarely lose.  Plus it's cute.  Like the giraffe the best because it's easiest to find in nighttime.|pos
Very good product!!!!I have been using it on my baby and he is now 6 months old....Thank you very much|pos
I've given these to all my pregnant friends. Babies don't lose their pacifiers because they are holding onto the toy. Super durable. You need to order two so that when one is in the washing machine they have the other one!|pos
This was a hit at the baby shower!  Everyone loved it and laughed so hard and asked where I bought it!|pos
I was disappointed as they were pink I was expecting them to look as pictured.  Since the girl I bought it for is expecting a boy  it was dissapointing|neg
My baby loves these.  He was using the newborn size, but I thought since he was getting bigger, I wanted one that fit his mouth.  Very happy with these and would recommend to anyone.|pos
I already reviewed the giraffe but I simply cannot say enough good things about WubbaNub! My son loves to hold the animal and bite on the sides of the Soothie. I always know where his pacifiers are. Worth the $13 or whatever.|pos
Bought this for my sons 1st birthday party. He actually liked using it as his pacifier for the whole afternoon.<br />I recommend this|pos
Worked wonderfully for keeping pacifier in baby's mouth while lying on back in swing. Probably would work well in car seat too.|pos
We bought a lot of different kinds, but my son loves this kind. At first time I bought it just for fun. Very good quality. Made in Germany. Love it!|pos
Perfect deal, faster shipment, recommended to all, A++++++++<br />I made a comparison with similar and for me this was the best choice and the purchase was great.|pos
I'm sure my nephew would have love the pacifier but we not shipped this item. it turned out to be a clip for a pacifier instead with a barn yard theme. we wanted it for his halloween costume but didn't want to pay the the return shipping on such an inexpensive item.|neg
My son absolutely adores this. I had tried the soothies at first when he was a newborn and he hated them. We ended up having to do NUK pacifiers. However I ordered this for car rides hoping he'd take it and would be easier so I wouldn't have to practically dislocate my arm to get the pacifier back in his mouth.<br /><br />It has actually turned into his favorite pacifier!! I want to get a few more pairs! It's easy to find the pacifier too in those panic moments. At times when he wants the NUK pacifier he still likes to cuddle his dragon. DEFINITELY RECOMMEND!!!<br /><br />When we got this I washed the whole thing in soap and water and let it air dry. Some of the red dye washed off but it didn't lose significant color that I noticed. Then I dipped the pacifier in boiling water just to be thorough.|pos
Just what I wanted. My baby loves them. Won't use any other. After I bought in pink and purple - just as great|pos
MAM is the best pacifier out there for breast fed babies! I have purchased MANY of these with having 3 kids. They each take/took them well. Now I give them to expecting moms as part of their shower gift.|pos
my 3mo old is not really into pacis or her thumb, but this is the only one that seems to soothe her and almost instantly put her to sleep. we are happy with the quality, and we recommend the product.|pos
Might seem a little pricey for a pacifier but you'll spend twice that amount replacing pacifiers that you're lost. You won't lose these because they don't pop out of the baby's mouth and fall on the floor. Easy to find in the diaper bag or purse.|pos
Love It!! We also have the little lamb. My grand daughter is two months old and already she holds on to it. And it's a life saver because you can always keep track of it.|pos
These are the greatest things!! My son loves his binky and so having a big animal on the other end helps him from dropping it on the floor and makes it easy for him to pick up and put in his mouth on his own. I put it in his crib at night and he can pick it up and put it right in his mouth. I had to buy two of these things because they are so great!|pos
Great for one pacifier.  I attach it  to the car seat and it stays put.  It's easy to clean and I love it.  It's my favorite pacifier holder|pos
Great value, these are my daughters favorite pacifiers because they are identical to the ones the hospital provides. Awesome buy!|pos
My daughter loved these binkies.  It is like a toy and binky all in one.  She was able to grasp thing faster.  She might not had the binky part all the time but she would grab the cow toy with her hands.|pos
My daughter loved these binkies.  It is like a toy and binky all in one.  She was able to grasp thing faster.  She might not had the binky part all the time but she would grab the cat toy with her hands.|pos
I use these wubbanub pacies for my babies in their bed because it is easier to find it at night. I love them for that reason!|pos
my baby loves this she wont go to sleep without it glad i purchased this it is cute and easy to find when they drop the pacifier|pos
Granddaughter ADORES it! I believe it is her favorite to have! Well worth the cost for a child to enjoy so much!|pos
Very cute and durable. My daughter loves the little animals and she cuddles with them to. A++++ product and would get them again|pos
The best pacifiers, but you already knew that. Buy a dozen as half of them will end up under the couch.|pos
Our 3 month old LOVES her lambie! We always have it with us and she even holds onto it when she doesn't want the binky in her mouth. The little legs make it easy for her to grab onto... It's a nice little security item for her. Obviously a plus that lambie helps to keep the binky from falling to the ground.|pos
I love knowing my son is getting the best when it comes to natural pacifiers. We've had these for a few months now and they've held up perfectly. They do turn darker once they're washed in hot water. But, this doesn't have any wear and tear on them.|pos
My toddler seems very happy with the AVENT pacifiers. Somehow, the price seems more reasonable than the other AVENT ones.|pos
Good product for a good price, with 2 pacifier! My baby like it! My baby boy likes to hold the pacifier with his owns hands so is anatomic|pos
My baby loves this pacifier! I love the simple look and quality of the rubber. This is very durable, so far this pacifier has had no cracks or pieces broken.|pos
My son loves these pacifiers! When he was newborn, I could spread the legs out on top of his little swaddled body and it would help keep the pacifier in his mouth and help him find it again easily before he was able to use his hands. In the Car, it is MUCH easier to find when you can't see (for example, searching the crib in a dark room or with one hand reaching to carseat in the back while driving). He did go through a short phase when he was learning to grasp where he would pull it out of his mouth and not be able to get it back in, but as he got older it because much easier for him to put these back in at night without waking up.|pos
The dragon became one of my son's favorite pacifiers. It's bright and harder to loose. My son loves the wubbaNub|pos
My baby is obsessed with this pacifier now that she is a little older, she always took it but now it's like she prefers it. If she likes it then I love it!|pos
After using this with our newborn to help reduce the number of times we'd have to pick up a dropped pacifier from his mouth while soothing him, we became instant fans.  It's now my go-to gift for moms-to-be.  It's saved our sanity a number of times already!|pos
Got this for my newborn who loves the soothie pacifiers. He already puts his arm around the little froggie. I'm sure he will grow to love his little wubbanub!|pos
a cute and simple baby shower game that got many laughs! just know that it all comes on one sheet, so you must cut out the pacifiers beforehand.|pos
My baby wasn't big on the pacifiers. We tried pretty much every brand out there and these are all she would take. We are still using mam at 3 months and loving them.|pos
These are soooo adorable. I got it for a baby shower gift, but have used several myself. Any baby I have had loves them. Quality is great and it is the Original Soothe pacifier.|pos
Dr. Brown makes the best pacifiers.  My son loves the size and shape of the nipple.  He sleeps with then everynight.|pos
These are a little blessing while having a newborn!  Our daughter takes these very well.  They don't sit against their little faces, so moisture doesn't get trapped.  Sad these are only for 0-3 months since our daughter turns 3 months tomorrow.  Hopefully the next step up Avent pacifiers work just as well.|pos
Baby loves these!  She was a little bit on the low birth weight side and we were having a hard time finding something that would fit her tiny mouth.  These fit the bill!  They are nice and soft and she has no problem with them.  She is a breast fed baby and hasn't had any problem so far (introduced the paci around 3 weeks).|pos
I love these, they work just like the regular green ones, but I like that my daughter has various colors to match her outfits :)|pos
Love these things! I wish I would have known about these for my 1st child! I have used these for my youngest since she was born and she loves them. We havn't lost one and she can easily spot them in any room. I have bought them as baby shower gifts and people always ask when I got them.|pos
My baby loved her frog and now her Dragon. We took them both to the Houston Renaissance Festival and everyone loved it!<br /><br />Well made and exactly the colors shown. It is easy for her to grab the little feet and is easy to find at night when you are randomly groping in a crib for a pacifier. If you feel the soft happiness, it's your wubbanub. It's small enough that I don't have to worry about it smothering her and perfect for travel. Way easier to find than a normal pacifier.<br /><br />I love them so much, I am getting them for my friends with small babies for Christmas.|pos
even though I got these for my daughter, they still make her very happy, so it makes me very happy|pos
...what more can you say?  This pacifier is both functional and hilarious.  Sometimes my infant would play with this on her own and when we would look over and she would randomly have it in her mouth.  She could never figure out why we were laughing at her and grabbing for the camera.  SO worth the price!|pos
I was very upset when I received my products because even though I knew that colors may vary, the seller gave me the option among girls and boy colors... I chose boy colors then I received purple and pink pacifiers to my baby boy!!!<br />If I weren't in Brazil, I would return it!|neg
I use these to clean parts between pumping at work and they work great.  Essential item for pumping bag.  I wouldn't use regular wipes but since these are food grade they are safe.|pos
This is a cute one... I got it for my sis-in law I hope she and her husband likes it and most important her baby (who is not even born yet) likes it :-d|pos
The elephant wubbanub is amazing! It is the perfect weight to keep the pacifier in her mouth and at the right angle. We have the duck wubbanub also, but it does not work at well at the elephant!|pos
I had such high hopes for this pacifier after reading some of the reviews that it was good for breastfed babies. Unfortunately my son didn't like it at all. We stayed with the avent pacifiers.|neg
This is a really neat item, even though we ended up not using it. Our baby won't use a pacifier, so we ended up not actually using it, but the concept is really neat! You hang all of the pacifiers on the little &#34;branches&#34; like a tree, then seal the lid closed, with the measured amount of water in it, and microwave, and it sterilizes the pacifiers. They remain sterilized as long as the container is sealed closed, so if you are not going to use them for a few days, you just leave them in. It's really great, and I wish I would have known about it with some of our other babies who did use pacifiers! Highly recommend!|pos
This worked great for my son, but he just does not like pacifiers.  Neither of my boys did.  It was nice to be able to tuck it into a blanket to keep it in his mouth though when he was little.|pos
Love these.  The animal provides a little weight so an infant doesn't spit it out.  Also, easy for them to find in the crib at night.|pos
My baby isn't picky when it comes to pacifiers. These suit her just fine, and I love that they come with tops/plastic enclosures. This way we can travel with them or keep them in a pocket without worrying about getting them dirty.|pos
My little one loves his wubbanub!<br />It was so perfect when he was an infant because you can lay the animal on their chest and the paci wont fall out of their mouth when they stop sucking like other pacis so you don't have to put it back in their mouth 10 times in the middle of the night.<br />Now that he older he carries it around and its hard to lose.|pos
My grandson loves it and also WebbaNub Clifford. These were so much easier for him to put back in his mouth than just the pacifier which would disappear in his crib or stroller.<br /> Sometimes he carries around both!! Altho, now he is 14 months old and still is carrying them around.|pos
My grandson loves the wubba he holds on to the little giraffe ,so cute to watch him with his wubby|pos
My daughter loves these pacifiers.  The size is perfect for her 4 month old mouth.  The design ensures her nose is not blocked by the plastic shield.|pos
This is one of my favorite purchases for my newborn son! The shape and size of the dino are perfect to rest on his chest and hold the pacifier where it needs to be so my son can reach it! He also likes to hold onto the dinos body. I am thrilled with this wubbanub and would recommend it to anyone!|pos
Exactly what I was wanting and needing for a baby shower! I received it quickly also which was a HUGE plus!! The baby LOVES it too!!|pos
Closest I can find to the old 60s-80s pacifiers, to use for authentic vintage clothing and accessories for doll collection.  They're sturdy, and have the non-orthodontic nipple (slightly 'bulbed' at the end).|pos
I love these little binkies! My son has 3 and they don't get lost or left behind as often as some of the other ones he used. I get a lot of compliments. They are washable and durable and double as teddy bear. I would recommend.|pos
First time grandmother cannot give grandson anything but the best....and this is it.  He and his mom LOVE the Wubbanub because not only is it a quality pacifier, but Mr. Giraffe and Mr. Monkey keep it within easy reach of baby.|pos
My daughter is 5 months now and this is her favorite, we lost it and am now buying another. she loves to hug it as she sleeps, it is small enough to fit in her hands but big enough to find when you lay it down some where.<br />We have the loose ones that we put the cords on but the can get wrapped around her neck.|pos
This is really more for the seller than the actual product. If you want these binky's, just go to Target and get them. You might pay an extra buck but at least you get the right colors. I ordered what was pictured as Blue and Green, and I got Hot Pink ones. For my son...|neg
I have bought tons of binkies and this is the only one that hasn't disappeared.  I don't know where the other ones end up.  My daughter loves this Wubbanub.|pos
My baby would only take the Soothie pacifier, which was tough bc it would fall out every 3 seconds. This had been a godsend bc he loves it just as much and the shape is so much more conducive to his face. If only I could find it in a store but at least w my Prime account it's the next best thing!|pos
For some reason my baby doesn't care for these. They are a great product, soft silicone, flexible, sturdy and well-made.. Your baby may love it, who knows?|pos
LOVE THESE!!!  You'll never lose another pacifier again!  Well, at least until they're 6 mths....so wish they would make the next age group of paci's and stiffness available in these!  I adored them and my daughter had nearly 5 mths of struggle trying to switch to just the plain soothies when she outgrew these younger stiffness wubbanubs.  She still throws a fit when they're in the store but unfortunately even at 20 mths they just chew them apart.|pos
My baby loves these.  I really like that they are natural rubber.  So far its holding up well and she uses it every day.  It has not caused any nipple confusion either with breast feeding.|pos
thank goodness for this little bear, now when my daughter wakes in the night she can easily find her pacifier. wish i'd found this a lot sooner.|pos
these are so terribly cute. i have bought every single one that is for a boy or gender neutral, so he always has one to match his outfit. hope baby likes them as well as i do!|pos
Love NUK pacifiers. These ones are adorable. Love the heart and elephant, and easy to pair with outfits without clashing terribly.|pos
My son loves these pacifiers. I tried other brands but he wouldn't use them. These are cute, functional and liked by baby. I also got the MAM leash and nipple cover for it, I love it!|pos
I bought this for my nephew and got a whole outfit for him on amazon because my mom is a big Orioles fan and she loved dressing him each time she had him before he outgrew it lol|pos
MAM pacifiers are the only kind my kiddo will take!  I like these because when he inevitably spits it out at night it's still glowing - I can see it and pop it back in before he starts to fuss. I really like the sterilizer box MAM pacifiers are packaged in as well.  I usually sanitize them once a week.  Very convenient.|pos
My son loves this. He has 3 different characters. I love this product also. It's a life saver at times when baby is cranky or hungry.|pos
Our twin girls love their Wubbanubs, and are a must have for nap time.  They really help keep the pacifier in their mouth so that I'm not running in and out of the room putting it back in.  I love all the cute animal options.  Would be a great baby shower gift!|pos
These were the only pacifiers that my daughter will use. The were a perfect fit for her and she really enjoyed them.|pos
My daughter will only take Avent pacifiers.  These are cute, but be warned, they come in random designs.  We got some boy colors, which we are fine with, but if you want specific boy or girl colors order something different.|pos
Love these soothie pacifiers. The hospital gave us one free one, and then we were hooked. My daughter does not use a pacifier all the time, but when she does she prefers these. These sterilize easily, and do not have small traps or pieces to get bacteria and nasties in.|pos
These are the pacifiers you get at the hospital.  I love these pacifiers.  I purchase them for all my friends who are having kids and they love them. Ive used only these for my kids and they loved them.  I wouldn't use any other pacifier ever.|pos
exlente|pos
My daughter loves these!  I cannot have enough.  I don't leave home without them....... The quality of the stuffed animal is beautifully made & adorable.|pos
We would be lost without a few of these - one in the each car and one in the house. Seriously, the kid loves it. We are a little worried about having to break the habit, but willing to take that chance for the comfort this gives her now. They are well constructed, they come in numerous styles, and they are easy to wash. We have purchased several of these for friends now, too.|pos
The  perfect size. I can fit five diapers in the wet bag and I use the smaller bag for cloth wipes and spray bottle ( the smaller bag is a little small) but you can put whatever you want in it.  Very pretty colors.|pos
Newborn loved sucking this one. She did keep other more expensive brands in her mouth. Baby was the judge of this product.|pos
These are exactly like the pacifiers given at the hospital. I had a hard time finding some just like it, and they are the only type my daughter will use.|pos
great quality product!  my daughter loves her wubbunub so much that we had to buy a second just in case!!|pos
love these pacifiers.  they are the perfect size and my little one loves them.  we have bought 6 total (yep we loose them constantly) and don't have any complaints.  its nice to know that baby is sucking on something natural rather than plastic.|pos
Bought these as a gift for a new mom and didn't even realize that the handles glow in the dark.<br /><br />I have a 6 month old and might just order a few of these for myself.  SO handy at night!|pos
The nipple is way too big and my breastfed baby was unable to suck on it. Also the nipple was very hard.|neg
I have two little girls and these were the favorite pacifiers for both.<br />The area around the mouth seems to be smaller than that on other pacifiers, which seemed to be more comfortable for them and easier for them to hold.<br />We usually give these as gifts and have had people ask us where they can find them because their babies love them.|pos
my baby loved this, it's got an elliptical shape so it's easier to fit into mouth. my baby was picky and wouldn't take some of the rounded pacifiers like soothie despite the overwhelming number of positive reviews. this one turned out to be perfect and a lifesaver!|pos
Every parent should own one of these, unless you enjoy the process of getting up repeatedly all night to replace your baby's pacifier. We give one to all our friends when they have a baby, and several have gone on to buy many more of their own.|pos
My little ones favorite pacifier and the only one she would take really. She uses it as her friend now but still attached to it too.|pos
I love giving these pacifiers as gifts. It is so cute and it's  hard lose because its attached to a stuffed animal.|pos
the hilarity of it is enough to make the purchase, but the look on my sister in laws face when I gave to them for my nephew was priceless.|pos
My Grandson loves it... As soon as he put it in his mouth there was no letting go.<br />Perfect Product|pos
Our dog chewed our old one so we bought a new one. Its really soft and its pretty big to help keep it in place so the baby doesn't loose it.|pos
My baby Boy loves these.  For the NUK brand this was a very good price and I like what I got.|pos
Got this for my nephew as an infant and it was his favorite. He would fall asleep rubbing the beany bag dog in his fingers. Seemed soothing and also helped with the pacifier not falling.|pos
nice that they come with covers for the nipples, cant think of too much to say about a pacifier though|pos
Works great for my newborn-it doesn't fall on the floor and roll all over like a regular paci!  It is alot less germy that way!|pos
These are the cutest pacifiers I've bought my grandson. Even though I wish he would give them up, I would rather he have these that look like a bigger boy.|pos
These are so great. Really well made and a perfect way to get the daddy-to-be excited about buying baby items.|pos
Very cute paci. My baby is not born yet not until Dec. but I love this and I hope he loves it too.|pos
I love this! My daughter however has decided she doesn't like soothie pacifiers.  If only I'd had this for my first child, she loved this brand of paci and the animal really helps to keep the pacifer in the right place.  Now if only this company would sew other styles of pacifiers to stuffed animals, they'd have my business!!|pos
I have been looking for one for my Grandson.  This is a must have for infants.  He loved the bright color.|pos
We've tried several pacifiers, and these are the best for staying put in my daughter's mouth.  They're her favorite, too :).|pos
We purchased two of these while our twin daughters were still in the NICU and we love them! They are now 4 months old and we have yet to use or purchase any other pacifiers. Easy to clean off with hot water and/or a mesh laundry bag. They are the perfect weight, not too heavy, but just enough to keep them in place. Really soft and cute in person too!|pos
MY FAVORITE PACIFIERS!!<br />They say on the box all of the benefits, but the natural rubber, easy to clean, easy to sleep for the baby... and no face marks!<br />Extra safe and better for baby than all those plastic ones... love natursutten products!|pos
Works well with a newborn. This pacifier was recommended by my baby 411 book because it is similar to a woman's nipple. Our 3wk old had no problem going between the nipple and the pacifier and seems to enjoy it for soothing.|pos
We love this little tiger...our newborn does, too! He can grab it and hold it so much easier than other pacifiers! Great shipping and service.  Thank you!|pos
I was what I was lloking for.  Im expecting my baby and this pacifier are perfects<br />thank you ! :)|pos
My grand-daughter loves these!  They are so cute, durable and gives the baby something to hold on to.  Love them!|pos
My son will only take NUK brand, so these were perfect.  Such a great price!  I hope to never run out again.|pos
I love it!!!! Easy to find and hold on to!!!! I use it every day!!!i want to order another one!!!|pos
We have tried a bunch of pacis for our daughter but these are the only she will take. And by judging by the amount of kiddos in her daycare that use these, I'm sure they are a top seller.|pos
My 4 month baby love this binky! He loves to hold it. The only bad thing is you can't sterilized it.|pos
We love these. My daughter is 2 and still uses this every day. She has been using them since she was born and they became a life saver for us. There is nothing worse than trying to find a small pacifier in the crib, in the dark. This wubbanub makes it so much easier to find and it keeps the pacifier in the child's mouth when they sleep. When they are riding in the carseat, you can use the plush body to keep the pacifier in the child's mouth. These DO get filthy though... they fall on the floor and the plush part gets dirty. We usually throw them in the wash with a non scented mild baby detergent, let them air dry, and then clean the rubber part with a mild dish soap. Also, the rubber part is NOT removable. If the child bites through the rubber, the pacifier part can not be replaced.|pos
My son loves these. I think the teat has an &#34;easy to hold in the mouth&#34; shape. I've compared it to other pacifiers from different brands and this seems to be the most comfortable.|pos
Her favorite, gives her something to play with while she soothes. Highly recommend! Happy Baby, Happy mommy.<br />Easy to clean too. Throw in washer in an intimates bag.|pos
Love this pacifier! It is so easy for my little one to grab ahold of and put back into his mouth if it falls out.|pos
After reading the story about a kid who was able to swallow whole and began choking on his pacifier, I was freaked and so glad I chose these pacifiers. Base is large with not fear of choking. The little notch is great for my little guy's nose (his lil flat nose peeks out just above it but I think the round one would suffice too without obstructing any air passages). Not only are they made of natural materials (better for the environment and less likely to have toxins), they are adorable on...think Maggie Simpson ;)<br /><br />You do need to heed the manufacturer's recommendation and replace every few weeks (like you would a toothbrush) cause they kinda flatten out and become tacky. It's actually good practice to replace cause no matter how often you wash and sterilize, over time materials do wear and bacteria have more crevices to hang out longer.|pos
I bought the duck Wubbanub first as an intro pacifier after waiting 6 weeks to introduce pacis to avoid nipple confusion. I'd read a lot about Wubbanubs and Soothies (the pacifier brand attached to the Wubbanubs) being a great option for holding.<br /><br />LOVE Wubbanubs! Took a few days/weeks for little one to warm up to using a pacifier but she loves her Wubbanubs. I bought the tabby kitty to keep in her crib and we use the ducky for going out. The necks are easy to use a snap-on pacifier holder ( a friend had gotten us one from Etsy with a thick hairband on the end). They're super easy to grasp for little one. It was the first thing she learned to really grab well and to pull back into her mouth.<br /><br />They sit so well on her chest. I like the kitten over the ducky for this reason-  it's a bit wider so it sits really well. And I just realized I can (LOOSELY) tuck it into her swaddle so that it's easy to find again. I just did it for the first time and little one has been starting to go through a sleep regression and she just woke up, found it, and went back to sleep! Holy crap. Why didn't I try this sooner?!<br /><br />Anyways, I've tried regular pacifiers (even Soothies) since and she spits them right out. She liked to hold on to the little stuffed guys. I definitely recommend and I think I'm going to start getting them for baby shower presents, since you probably can't have too many.<br /><br />I will say, I wish I could take off the paci to boil but I wash it with hot water and soap every once in a while and throw it through the wash occasionally (especially the one we take out of the house). And I have stuck the tip into a boiling pot of water before too really quickly but watch you don't burn yourself with the steam.|pos
I was bummed when I received these because they were girl colors, not the colors shown in the picture. No where did I see that colors may vary so I was expecting the pacifiers in the photo. I can't really use a pink and purple paci for my son...|neg
my baby cant live without these pacifiers.  they give me additional hours of sleep daily because they help my baby calm down.|pos
When I first got it I thought it looked a lot smaller in person then in pictures and it was lighter in weight than I had thought it would be. I thought I would not like it . I gave it a try and my baby loved it . He is so attached to it , and since he holds on to the toy the paci doesn't fall out of his mouth every second. I clean mine in the washing machine. I am buying another one since it takes some time to dry. Over all happy baby =happy mommy|pos
My 2 month old daughter constantly loses her pacis, the wubba has given her something to hang on to.... it's great for the trips where I can't put her paci back in for her over and over again.|pos
This is the only pacifier my baby could keep in her mouth. She wouldn't take any other kinds. She stopped wanting any pacifiers around 5 months, so I am happy we won't have to wean her off one.|pos
As the mom of two kids this wasn't around my first time as a parent, and I wish it was. Great product for little ones who have the tendency to spit their pacifiers out and then lose them. The cute doll gives a baby something to cuddle with as they soothe themselves. I highly recommend these as shower gifts, they are cute AND super useful.|pos
My toddler loves pink bear. She lives with it and we are already on our third one in two years.|pos
Greatest pacifier I have ever found. My kiddos love them and when they out grow the pacifier I cut it off and they are able to keep their lovey for comfort.|pos
My kiddos love their pacifiers and as they grow out of using them I cut the pacifier off the animal and they still have their little lovey to comfort them.|pos
Great product and perfect for little guys trying to learn to reach and hold on to colorful objects! He loves it! Thanks!|pos
These pacifiers are great.<br />Well made, rubbery.<br />My granddaughter loves them.<br />easy to clean.<br />I just wish they glowed in the dark..not easy to find if lost..lol<br />Would buy these again|pos
Love these glow in the dark pacis!! They don't stay super bright all night but they are lit up just enough that you can find it in a pitch black room|pos
It does smell like rubber which I dislike, however it's worth it for her to have a rubber pacifier vs a plastic one filled with chemicals.|pos
Loved these, and baby did too. Everyone wants to know about them and where to get them... will<br />be great for Halloween, highly recommend.|pos
The green hospital pacifier was the only one that my daughter would take from the start, no matter how many efforts were made to try other types of pacifiers. I particularly like that the plushy filling is heavy enough so that it stays in place while my daughter sleeps. I also like that the soft plushy doubles as a toy when not being used as a pacifier. Plus with this combo it's always great to have a spare.|pos
I purchased this because it was unique and my friend had put it on her list of wants for her baby shower.  She had put it on there as a funny gift, not really expecting to get it, but she was pleased.|pos
Can't say enough about these pacifiers! They have been a life saver! My daughter prefers this pacifier over other brands.|pos
I will be getting another one for my granddaughter. Her kitty chewed the nipple off the one I got her and she will not take anything esle. She loves to hold the giraffe.|pos
Love this lamb! Soo cute! My daughter loves it! We also own the giraffe and elephant which are great too!! These also make perfect shower gifts I give them to all my friends! Highly recommended|pos
And it's so much better than the &#34;first years&#34; one with the same name! Light weight and easier for my boy to keep in his mouth.|pos
These pacifiers are great. I love there is another option for colors. I have twin girls so it is nice each one gets their own color!|pos
Very cute . It makes my baby look like a little cute gentleman . He is going to look extra cute on my wedding with that and his tuxedo .|pos
This pacifier keeps closing on my son as we try to give it to him, although it hasn't pinched his fingers it has mine while trying to open it back up. He personally doesn't care for it, and will accept the gum drop ones over this thing. Great concept, but clunky and unsafe design. Just buy cheaper ones, and keep a few extra ones on hand for when they are dropped.|neg
And it's so much better than the &#34;first years&#34; one with the same name! Light weight and easier for my boy to keep in his mouth.|pos
Our grandson would not take any other pacifier except his &#34;Ellie&#34;!  We tried giving him the plain pacifier like it but he won't have anything to do with it.  He loves his &#34;Ellie&#34;. :-)|pos
My baby takes this pacifier! It's a miracle! And he loves grabbing at the lamb to hold in his hands.|pos
At one point these were very hard for me to find. Now they are everywhere. THESE ARE THE ONES GINEN TO NEWBORNS IN THE HOSPITAL.|pos
And it's so much better than the &#34;first years&#34; one with the same name! Light weight and easier for my boy to keep in his mouth.|pos
We tried several different pacis and my son loves this one. I really like the paci holders you can buy separately. I also like how the box it comes in is also used to sterilize them in the microwave. I would buy again. We used these to get my son to stop sucking his fingers. It worked.|pos
My baby has always preferred the Nuk pacifiers over the soothies.  I feel that the &#34;contoured&#34; shape helps them keep it in their mouth better.  The bright colors and designs are cute, cute.|pos
The handle of this box is very convenient. I can hook it on my bag or the baby's bag. Also a good pass time toy for the baby|pos
We probably have a dozen of these around the house and cars. They are really reasonably priced on here, and it's comforting to know that when my daughter has lost 5 of these in her crib through the night, I have another few ready on her nightstand!<br />We have this kind and the 3+ month version, our 9-month-old daughter has been using them interchangeably for sucking and gnawing with her new teeth. These are slightly more flexible, but they're holding up great, no casualties yet.|pos
The mustacho is a bit large for newborns. The plastic rubs against his cheeks and nose. It causes chafing. Other than that, the nipple was supple & super cute for pics|pos
Sent me the wrong product. I ordered blue pacifiers for my son and received pink ones. Still sitting in box on my table.|neg
My baby LOVES Wubbanubs, and this monkey is adorable and we received it quickly! I am Very Happy with this purchase!|pos
great product. exactley what i wanted and recieved them early in the mail.my daughter loves this binkie and its hard to find the original product because playtex changed the product.|pos
Was purchased for expecting parents who love mustaches and good laughs!!  Completely obsessed with mustaches, this makes a great gift!!|pos
My daughter loves this (when she's in the mood for a pacifier, that is). The dragon is adorable, and helps keep her pacifier in place in the car when she gets fussy. There are definitely cheaper wubbanubs, but my husband and I decided that if we were going to stare at it a lot, it was worth paying extra for the special edition dragon. And now that I have it in hand, I know we made the right choice!|pos
This is the only brand that we will purchase! My son loves them and I love that I can trust this brand. Also they have such cute designs!|pos
these cases are nice and pretty, but doesn't really work well.  the size of the case holds only 1 pacifier.  i'm not sure about other babies, but my son definitely needs more than 1 when we are on the go.  if it's design to hold only 1 pacifier, it is way too big.  if it's design to hold 2, it's way too small.<br /><br />the worse thing about it was that it's hard to open, which is extremely frustrated when you are out in the public, your baby's crying on the top his his lung, you know that the pacifier is just in the box, but you just can't get to it!!!!<br /><br />it's also hard to close.  you would've think just to snap it shut and that'll be the end of it?  no, i snap it close, heard to click, then the box open up again.  sometimes i had to do close it for 3 to 4 times before it stays close.|neg
It was exactly what it said it was. Nice that they specify so you don't have to worry they might be pink.|pos
He wont take a regular passy anymore once he started using these. would highly recommend for all newborns. Bite price tho|pos
From what I've heard, little guy is enjoying it very much.  Gives him something to hold onto a little better, and it sure was nice as a baptism gift.|pos
The BEST Pacifiers EVER!!! They are so nice because they are all rubber and your LO can chew on the outside while teething.  If you liked the Gumdrop when they were born - you will LOVE these! They have a nice curve for the nose and it is easy for your LO to hold onto with the gripper on the outside.  Would not use any other!|pos
I Love these bottles i have them for about a month or so now its so easy to just put in the microwave to sterilize my baby is fully breastfed and he have no problems going from the breast to these bottles .I thought they might leak because of the holes in the bottom but they don't leak and the nipple do not get sucked in when my baby use them|pos
This is actually a &#34;backup giraffe&#34;.  We got the first one at a baby shower, and our infant loves his wubbanub so much that we wanted to have a second one in case of loss.  Before we got the second one, we recently had a panicked search through the grocery store for the dropped giraffe.  He loves it so so much.  Our friends have commented how the giraffe is in all of our photos of our son.  Well worth the price.|pos
I bought this binky for my daughter a week after she was born and it haven't been 5 weeks yet and this binky is disgusting! It is like the rubber is melting... Will not buy again or recommend!|neg
Adorable stripes, fits two pacifiers inside, the little handle lets you attach it to other things, great pattern, would buy again.|pos
She requested it so hopefully she doesn't have any complaints.<br />And now I just scribble on here bc i have too|pos
My 12 week old loves this product. She snuggles the little lamb with one arm while sucking the pacifier. The weight of the animal seems to help her keep the pacifier in her mouth which is extremely helpful. I will be purchasing more, however I do wish you could switch out the pacifier. I'm sure this is a safety feature though.|pos
My grandson has so many of these he loves his little stuffed animals with the pacifiers. I think he has just about everyone that has been made.|pos
My grandson has so many of these he loves his little stuffed animals with the pacifiers. I think he has just about everyone that has been made.|pos
Love these bottles. Great price.|pos
This is so cute.  What a great idea.  Used it as a decoration on a diaper cake.  Expectant mom loved it|pos
Who would have thought to attach a soothie pacifier to a stuffed animal!! Found these once at a local retail store and could not locate them again, anywhere. So glad we found on here. Great Product!|pos
perfect way to get my grandson going in baseball he will become a true dodger fan with his grandma. goes perfect with the dodger pacifer clip|pos
These are the same pacifiers that our hospital was offering. Our baby girl uses them to fall asleep sometimes and she loves them. They were the perfect size for a newborn.|pos
As with most babies that take a paci, It falls out and they cannot put it back in. This solves that problem. I would lay the baby to sleep on their back, put this on their stomach with the soother in their mouth, as they fell asleep, a lot of times, they spit it out, but when they would wake, they would root around and find it again!|pos
it was just too cute my granddaughter loved it i would buy more and tell my friends about them love it|pos
The Soothie pacifiers bounce when dropped.  If you have ever had the frustrating experience of searching under the couch with an infant in your arms, this is the product for you!  When the WubbaNub is dropped, it stays right where it was dropped.  And, bonus, the baby has learned to keep her pacifier in with stronger suction because she often knocks it about with her little infant arms.|pos
These are the greatest pacifiers we have been using them for a while. My son is 2 and had a tendency to chew through the other all natural rubber pacifiers and would pop them. But he can't with the ecopiggies because of the hole in the back. They are a little thicker too so I  think they last longer and don't get sticky either|pos
This pacifier was the perfect paci for my breastfed baby.  She longer will take it, but when it was needed, it did it's job.  I always buy from Amazon, but I like that in a pinch I could pick these up at a local Whole Foods.|pos
The lamb design is the cutest Wubbanub (Wubs) available. Great color. So precious. Everyone that has seen it LOVES it. My 2 month girl and I refer to it as her &#34;Lamby&#34;. We've been using the Wub since she was 3 weeks since she spits out all other pacis.<br /><br />As all Wubs go, great clever design. Helps keep the paci in place because the plush toy gives it some weight but not too much. If the baby wants to spit it out, she still can. And once baby is old enough they can hold it and snuggle it while they use the paci part...or not. They are so soft.<br /><br />I'm also hoping that because there is an attached plush, it'll be easier to wean her off pacis when it's time.<br /><br />I wished the paci part was removable for washing and changing. I throw the entire Wub a lingerie bag and wash with a load of baby laundry. But I'm not sure how great that is since some of the baby laundry is quite soiled. So after I hang dry, I wash the paci again in the kitchen sink with hot soapy water before use. Also my girl is starting to prefer the more bulbous orthodontic pacis instead of the newborn Avent Soothie used on the Wubs. She might grow out of the &#34;Lamby&#34; if she no longer likes the shape and texture of the attached paci. I bought a Binkibear (you can change out the paci on that one) in case she wants to change but so far she hasn't.|pos
Twins were born at 26 weeks and the round gum drops pacis from the hospital were the only ones they would take.  The dentist hated the round gumdrops, but then I found these and dentist and babies approved.  Success!!  I also love that the pacifiers do not get water and soap stuck in the nipple when they are being washed since the nipple has an open design.|pos
These work great! I bought the neutral print and the little boy print and both are very cute! They don't leak and the small pouch is definetly just for pacifiers or something tiny... worth the money though!|pos
My son has the frog one and we bought this one so we have an extra! Plus we are Detroit Tigers fans! So when I found out they made a tiger one I had to get it because it's a very rare find. He absolutely loves these. They're so easy to clean. Wubbanubs are a great investment if your child likes the soothies pacifiers.|pos
My daughter LOVES these pacifiers.  She will not touch any other pacifier I have offered her.  These are also the same pacifiers that I received from our closest children's hospital!  Highly recommend them!|pos
Item as described, received on time, in good condition. Will buy again from this seller.<br /><br />I just wish the pacifier was removable. My daughter likes a different brand, but I wanted the doll, so I cut the one it came with off and sewed her favorite brand on. Works great!|pos
We got our first WubbaNub as a shower gift. We didn't use immediately but after several awaken nights of our baby searching for the pacifier that rolled out of the crib, we brought it out. The animals are the perfect weight/size to help keep that pacifier from rolling around in the dark and easy for them to grab. It didn't take long before our baby was self-soothing and we never left the bed. It is now an item our toddler will not go to bed without. We have 2 - the giraffe and monkey. I must say, the monkey is probable the cuter of the two.|pos
She had latched onto to these pacifiers quite well, however, not latched as in &#34;I need my paci&#34;. Once she's had her comfort, she spits it right out, which is a plus!|pos
The 4 pack was a good buy. Our baby tends to loose the pacifiers often. So it was nice to get 4 at a time!|pos
We have several Wubbas at our house and they're a huge hit with our 5 month old. He can play with it and grab it all on his own. It also works great for soothing him.|pos
My 3 month old LOVES this thing. He has to have it with him all the time. It's very easy to clean, very tough.|pos
Cute, durable, washable, and fits easily into little hands. Also, very difficult to lose! I get a lot of compliments on these and own 3 total.|pos
these seem to be the favorite shape for my baby. She is 3.5 months and has begun teething very early. She seems to still like these the best because they can be chewed a bit and seem to bring her some extra comfort. Sometimes I even chew on the rim myself and get a bit of satisfaction out of it :)|pos
Awesome product. My child loves it! One thing wish the pacifier could easily be removed from the stuffed animal for cleaning.|pos
my 18 month baby only wants to go to sleep with this avent pacifier , its easy to wash .|pos
love the Moustache on an eight month old. Received a good number of facebook likes on the photo. might grow a moustache myself so that we match|pos
And after only giving my first born the one piece ones, and having him never really get into the whole pacifier thing, I did myself a favor and gave my second one these. I throw them all away periodically and just replace them- you can't get them clean. Make sure there isn't a 'ring' of hair and dirt where the nipple meets the plastic- if you just pull it back a little with your finger you'll see what can accumulate in a few days. And if you would never let your child suck on the same unsterilized pacifier for two days in a row, i doff my hat to you.|pos
Fun!  as good as it looks in the picture.  goes great with a wide assortment of headgear . worth buying it.|pos
My daughter lives these things! She can hug it to hold it close and fling it across the room at 2 months.|pos
Convenient it closes before it touches any surface.<br />Price is great for the quality.<br />I believe is a must have.|pos
These are awesome pacifiers - just like the ones at the hospital. You get a pink and a purple one. Highly recommend.|pos
the bronco pacifiers were perfect! my daughter truly loves them! they were a great price and I couldn't have asked for a better product!|pos
I love Wubbanubs! I bought this for my 2 month old son because I also love dragons and he likes the Soothie pacifiers.<br />He hasn't mastered the art of finding it and putting back in his mouth yet, but he does like to hold on to the body if the dragon while he's sucking on the paci.<br />I searched EVERYWHERE for the dragon Wubbanub and found it only on amazon. It's pricy for a paci, but we both love it and my son will get tons more use of it!|pos
This is the second one I am buying just so we have an extra around the house! My daughter not only loves the pacifier attatched to it but she likes to hold the animal attatched... it provides extra comfort! They are totally worth the buy! & if the animal gets dirty you can just throw it in the washing machine and it comes out clean and even softer! I can't say enough great things about this product! Just for safety do not let your baby fall asleep with it in the crib and unwatched because it's not safe to have stuffed animals by your babies face... it's best if they are in a chair/swing/bouncy/car seat using it! but seriously a incredible product!|pos
I love these New York Yankees pacifiers. They will be perfect for my newborn grandson. My daughter loves them. Thank you.|pos
My baby seems to love this one better than others. Maybe because of its orthodontic nipple design. It also stays in his mouth longer his other pacifiers. He gets many compliments for his &#34;mustache.&#34;|pos
They stay in his mouth and don't fall out and he took to these immediately after trying several others including Dr. Browns pacifiers and the one the hospital gave us and the soothie pacifiers (they popped out of his mouth even with a stuffed animal attached).  He is 5 months old.  They also come with a sanitizing box which you can microwave them in 3 minutes which I find easier than boiling.  MAM also sells a pacifier clip but it does not fit tightly enough for use on these small pacifiers.|pos
My son is 8 weeks and this is the best idea I have seen.  He is breastfed so sucking on a paci isn't easy for him.|pos
Always have loved these pacis. Same ones as the little babe gets at the hospital so there isn't any confusion for them!|pos
Love avents pacis. Cute farm characters on paci. Son loves them. There isn't a huge difference in the 0-6 and 6-18 month size so not a huge transition. My son wouldn't take anything but wubba nub soothies before this. So glad found something that he LOVES.|pos
I love these pacifiers! It made it easy to find them art night. I would recommend leaving them near a light source for awhile before they will glow longer and brighter.|pos
My 9 month old sleeps with one Wubbanub in her mouth, and one in each hand. I keep a stash of them in my car so I can easily pop a new one back over to her when she chucks it out of her carseat. The monkey is my favorite because it's dark colored - makes it easy for her to see it on her white bed sheet in the middle of the night so she can pop it back in.|pos
You know how normal binkies have a top/bottom, and you have to insert it a certain way or it won't be comfortable? Well, these don't have that! They are contoured for babies mouth, unlike newborn pacifiers, but they have no top or bottom. Yay! Also, they come with protective covers for stowing pacifiers in a diaper bag or purse.|pos
Exactly what I was looking for with the waterproof! & exactly what I was expecting from this product! Thanks so much.|pos
Firstly, This Pacifier has a round end on it. So if your baby is not used to this type of pacifier, they might Not like this one.  It is Permanently attached to the stuffed animal, it does not detach for cleaning!  The stuffed animal is lightweight, stuffed with cotton. I like the Wubbanub because it is Easy to Find, no more going crazy trying to find the small pacifier!  Even very young infants can grasp at the animal pacifier, it is amazing to watch them, holding onto the  Wubbanub, thusly holding onto the pacifier!  Somehow it keeps the pacifier in babys mouth, especially while baby is lying down.  At night it is invaluable for a parents good nights sleep; if your baby loves the pacifier!  I've found the perfect way to keep the pacifier clean, just buy the pacifier wipes and use them to keep it clean and sanitized. This Giraffe is Loved so much that one  stays home and  one is even kept in the diaper bag, heaven forbid we loose one!  I really like the Giraffe because it is so easy for little hands to hold onto so many of the little legs. This Wubbanub should be looked over occasionally, just to make sure there are no holes or stuffing coming out, this is Not a Teething Toy!, remember it is, just a pacifier with an attached stuffed animal!<br />.|pos
My daughter is 3 months and she loves this! It stays in her mouth much better than just the soothie by itself! You can tuck it under their blanker to keep it in as well. When they turn their head, its less likely to fall out. And its super cute so she cuddles with it!|pos
i bought the lion and the bull and our grandson loves them. they are his favorite. great idea, very well made..perfect|pos
My daughter won't sleep without something to hold on to and without a pacifier and this combines it perfectly for her|pos
I love this. I have seen other babies with these and could not wait to get one for my grand princess.  She will be her Nov so we will see how she likes it.|pos
Great little pacifier purse.  Keep your pacifier from becoming dirty or lost with this brightly colored, pleasing patterned pacifier purse.  Love the fact that you'll find it in a deep dark bag due to the colorful stripes.  Works great!|pos
These are great.  My twin girls love them, and they are easy for me to find in the middle of the night.  Hopefully they'll be able to find the pacis themselves in the middle of the night sometime soon!|pos
I wish I knew about these with my first child! These are great!! No more pacifiers falling under tables or the couch. My son can find it, grab it and put it in his mouth all on his own. Also more of a comfort than just a regular pacifier since he can hold it. Love all the animal options. We have 2!|pos
this is just what i wanted. the design and construction were what i would of expected and  i was pleased they were.|pos
my god son will not use another paci! He loves it and to boot it has been almost a year my dogs ripped the pacifier part so we cut it off and My god Son still snuggles with the Plush toy, Thank you for such a good purchase! i bought 3 more :)|pos
Love these bottles and pacifiers! My baby is breast fed and took to these bottles perfectly. She doesn't seem to get much air when feeding and I love the designs. Pacifiers are the same as bottle nipples so transition between the two are not really noticeable for baby. Great set!|pos
I have ordered these pacifiers before and they have always delivered them very fast. I just ordered more a few days ago and I just recieved them and they sent me the color i wanted and needed after I emailed them. I am extremely happy.|pos
I wish I knew about these with my first child! These are great!! No more pacifiers falling under tables or the couch. My son can find it, grab it and put it in his mouth all on his own. Also more of a comfort than just a regular pacifier since he can hold it. Love all the animal options. We have 2!|pos
My grandson loves his WubbaNub Brown Puppy. I got him a blue one too. He is just beginning to hold things and likes to grip on the stuffed puppy.|pos
This is a great product for our baby who is instantly calmed when she has her WubbaNub.  It's perfect for her little hands!  She got one as a gift and we had to get a second one for her.  We've also bought two more as gifts!|pos
I wish I would have though of this!! So much easier to find a pacifier when the baby drops it! Especially in the middle of the night! Not to mention how cute they are.|pos
Before opening the package you have to make sure the soft part of the pacifier is doesn't have the classical latex light brown color (as this indicates they are not made of silicon but latex!). I didn't realize this and opened the package... my daughter doesn't like them at all (already used to silicone pacifiers).Thumbs down for Nuk here!|neg
Anything that will sooth a newborn and help her feel comfortable is great in my book. These were the second type of pacifiers we tried with our newborn, and she preferred them.  It was a great tool when my husband was trying to calm her and she wanted to suck. Or when I had breastfeed her and she still wanted to suck, but I needed a break. She almost 3 months old and still prefers this pacifier, but it seems much less so.  I highly recommend!|pos
Cute addition to the many &#34;binkies&#34; already being used.  It was Hello Kitty so I just couldn't resist getting it.|pos
I purchased this product after using the Phillips Avent Soothie Pacifiers for my little daughter. They are the only pacifiers she has ever taken. It's also the kind they gave her while she was in the NICU at the hospital. I am so glad someone came up with this idea!<br /><br />We love all 3 of these cute animals! The giraffe has cute sewn bubbles in different colors on her, the kitten is nice bright hot pink, and the safari puppy has a cute leopard print underside & knotted tail.<br /><br />Pros:<br />1. Cute animals for girls ~ all made of pink!<br />2. Easy to keep track of - easy to see in a dark bedroom at night & also when you are holding the baby, they are much easier to grab as they are falling than a Paci alone<br />3. Stays in better than a Soothie Paci by itself - we often prop the animal on her chest and she seems to love holding on to the soft stuffed animal & can even sometimes push it back into her own mouth (and she's only 10 weeks!)<br /><br />Cons:<br />1. Tedious cleaning - I usually wash them on gentle in the washing machine but worry about my daughter ingesting detergent residue so I usually then wash off the pacifier top with a pacifier wipe<br />2. Falls out - not as much as when it's only the pacifier - could just be my daughters tongue pushing it out or something but I think worth mentioning|pos
These were the first WubbaNubs we purchased & since have bought several more so they are always laying about!<br /><br />I purchased this product after using the Phillips Avent Soothie Pacifiers for my little daughter. They are the only pacifiers she has ever taken. It's also the kind they gave her while she was in the NICU at the hospital. I am so glad someone came up with this idea!<br /><br />Pros:<br />1. Cute animals for boys & girls!<br />2. Easy to keep track of - easy to see in a dark bedroom at night & also when you are holding the baby, they are much easier to grab as they are falling than a Paci alone<br />3. Stays in better than a Soothie Paci by itself - we often prop the animal on her chest and she seems to love holding on to the soft stuffed animal & can even sometimes push it back into her own mouth (and she's only 10 weeks!)<br /><br />Cons:<br />1. Tedious cleaning - I usually wash them on gentle in the washing machine but worry about my daughter ingesting detergent residue so I usually then wash off the pacifier top with a pacifier wipe<br />2. Falls out - not as much as when it's only the pacifier - could just be my daughters tongue pushing it out or something but I think worth mentioning|pos
I purchased this product after using the Phillips Avent Soothie Pacifiers for my little daughter. They are the only pacifiers she has ever taken. It's also the kind they gave her while she was in the NICU at the hospital. I am so glad someone came up with this idea!<br /><br />Pros:<br />1. Cute animals for boys & girls!<br />2. Easy to keep track of - easy to see in a dark bedroom at night & also when you are holding the baby, they are much easier to grab as they are falling than a Paci alone<br />3. Stays in better than a Soothie Paci by itself - we often prop the animal on her chest and she seems to love holding on to the soft stuffed animal & can even sometimes push it back into her own mouth (and she's only 10 weeks!)<br /><br />Cons:<br />1. Tedious cleaning - I usually wash them on gentle in the washing machine but worry about my daughter ingesting detergent residue so I usually then wash off the pacifier top with a pacifier wipe<br />2. Falls out - not as much as when it's only the pacifier - could just be my daughters tongue pushing it out or something but I think worth mentioning|pos
I purchased this product after using the Phillips Avent Soothie Pacifiers for my little daughter. They are the only pacifiers she has ever taken. It's also the kind they gave her while she was in the NICU at the hospital. I am so glad someone came up with this idea!<br /><br />Pros:<br />1. Cute pink animal for girls!<br />2. Easy to keep track of - easy to see in a dark bedroom at night & also when you are holding the baby, they are much easier to grab as they are falling than a Paci alone<br />3. Stays in better than a Soothie Paci by itself - we often prop the animal on her chest and she seems to love holding on to the soft stuffed animal & can even sometimes push it back into her own mouth (and she's only 10 weeks!)<br /><br />Cons:<br />1. Tedious cleaning - I usually wash them on gentle in the washing machine but worry about my daughter ingesting detergent residue so I usually then wash off the pacifier top with a pacifier wipe<br />2. Falls out - not as much as when it's only the pacifier - could just be my daughters tongue pushing it out or something but I think worth mentioning|pos
Unlike the traditional pacifiers these are always easy to find, they won't roll away. Soft and Adorable!  I would highly recommend these.|pos
I was really disappointed, because in the picture are bottles and the name of product are pacifier, when I bought, I did not notice the name, but only in photo.<br />I would like know why is this so?<br />Tks|neg
this is the perfect pacifier holder ever designed, I was recommend them for any parent of a newborn to buy and use them. cute too|pos
My baby loves that. He has 3  different ones. It is easier to find by himself during the night in the crib|pos
The  Chomp  baby pacifier is hilarious! I sent it  to my daughter for my new grandbaby.<br /> She isn't here yet,but when she's old enough for it,  I'm sure gonna want pics!|pos
I needed a wet bag for home so that I wouldn't have to run up stairs with a soiled flip insert in hand. This works great for what I need it to do, so far no complaints.  Not sure if I would trust this in a baby bag, because it is very thin, but I am happy that it suits my needs.|pos
My 3 week old granddaughter loves the soothie pacifier & holding the soft giraffe for comfort, so adorable to see!|pos
Another one I ordered for my granddaughter.Easy for her to hold and she calls it her binky boo.Even tho she is 15 months old,she still wants this kind of pacifier.|pos
i sent this to my brand new great grandson.  i am an elephant collector and enjoyed the novelty of finding a special one to share with him.|pos
My grandson received a set of these when he was born. His parents and I loved them. They do help prevent colic and are very easy to clean and sterilize. I bought a set for use at my house when he is here. I wish I had them when my son was small.|pos
Exactly what we needed and even better that it came in pink and purple for my baby girl!  I could only find all pink or all purple in stores and they were for 3+ months. I got what I needed here. :)|pos
These are the only type of pacifiers my daughter would take. I love that they glow in the dark, great for when they fall out at night! Unless you put them right under a light, they glow but not too bright. I put one under a light for awhile and my daughter couldn't sleep because it was glowing to bright.|pos
I have bought others for my newborn and 2 other friends with newborns so far. You cannot go wrong with this .. Babies love it!|pos
I have a bunch of these and use both sizes them to carry all sort of things (bathing suits, all sunblock prodcuts so the rest of the bag doesn't get all greasy, any item I want to protect from the sand, eg. camera, cel phone, etc., tampons, makeup.)  They are light, very water resistant, machine washable, extremely cute and the price is incredibly attractive to say the very least.<br /><br />I Super recommend|pos
this Is a great product I definitely recommend it. I absolutely loved it exactly how I expected it to be.|pos
Only ones my daughter wants.  I have tried others but these are the ones that soothe her.  For me I would highly recommend them.<br />They worked for me!|pos
I received a pacifier that looked nothing like the picture. It was plain teeth holding an american flag. How is that funny? I am very disappointed that I will not be able to give this as a gift at the baby shower I am going to.|neg
My baby is very picky with pacifiers. If you buy these in the store for a 2pack its about five dollars. Its worth it to a big pack and if you lose one then you know you have more!|pos
These are the only pacifiers my daughter will take and she loves the glittery ones! great pacifiers but would love it if they came in bigger packs!|pos
As described, fast shipping, high quality.|pos
Colors are just as pictured, my daughter likes them & they fit her mouth better than other brands we have tried. A great pacifier for a toddler.|pos
ordered this for my new grandbaby due in dec 2013.  it is so soft and cuddly, he/she is going to love it|pos
We have 5 other Wubbanub animals, but this is by far my 6-month old's favorite. He LOVES his longhorn. I love that it is both a pacifier and a lovey, at the same time. My son is soothed just by holding the longhorn's little horns or his paws. It's adorable.<br />I just wash it every day or two by throwing it in the washer and letting it air dry. I quickly bought a second one so that there's always a spare when one is getting washed!|pos
These pacifiers are adorable and the perfect size. The shape fits perfectly around his little nose. My new Nephew loves his already.|pos
So funny!! My nephew loves it and so do his parents!!! Thank you so much for sharing some great laughs!|pos
This is the same pacifier we got at the hospital and it is the only one(brand) my new born likes(I've tried different brands)we only had one so we decided to order this package and we are glad we did!|pos
It is a nice pacifier because even though she is not quite two months yet she can push it back in her mouth if it starts to fall out and she brings her hand to her mouth. the shape of it and because it is all the same material as the nipple part makes it easier to keep it in her mouth.|pos
came quickly as expected, quality as expected also! so very cute and the mustache reminds me of the little ones great grandpa|pos
In my 'quest' for apacifier my son wouldn't spit out - I bought nearly every brand on the market.<br /><br />I bought this one as a joke.<br /><br />Turned out he liked this one the best, and as a bonus, we got compliments on how clever it was whenever we were out and about.|pos
Part of an outstanding pirate themed diaper cake i made it is so cute and once the little guy arrives we shall see how he likes it but as a mom and a gift giver to a mom to be i loved it!!|pos
i did not recieve what i thought i was getting!!!! the main image is what i wanted but what i got was the smaller image!!! the larger on is a better quality product while the smaller image is some bad piece of what should be called garbage!!! they both broke after 1 use and it was ridiculous|neg
Great newborn pacifier that worked well for our son when he was one month old (he was three weeks early). Up to that point we had used the Gum Drop or Soothies, which calmed him, but I had to sit in the back seat of the car and hold them in his mouth. These pacifiers were the answer to that! The size was perfect and he could keep them in his mouth easily. I was also happily surprised that the pattern was much cuter than the picture and the color was a neutral tan. We have since bought them in other sizes and will continue to use these as long as our son has a pacifier.|pos
My son loved the initial wubbanub I got for him, the green frog.  I bought three, the dragon, the lion, and the dino.  He loves the myriad of colors.  Very pleased.  It also helps him grasp the object, manipulate the pacifier and aid in transferring from one hand to another, he is 4.5 months.|pos
My son loved the initial wubbanub I got for him, the green frog.  I bought three, the dragon, the lion, and the dino.  He loves the myriad of colors.  Very pleased.  It also helps him grasp the object, manipulate the pacifier and aid in transferring from one hand to another, he is 4.5 months.|pos
I love the vanilla scent. It`s the only soother our son will use. The Avent Soothie is similar, but this one has a cut-out area around the nose, so you don`t have to worry about it possibly blocking your baby`s nostrils.  It`s easy to clean, unlike some pacifiers that will get moisture in them if you aren`t careful when cleaning.|pos
My son loves his wub and it really helps him keep ahold of his pacifier.  The dino is cute and super soft.  Works well to prevent the pacifier from falling and landing on the floor while he hangs out in his swing.  It is also easier to find in the middle of the night than a detached pacifier.|pos
I tried about 30 pacifiers (yes, really) on my newborn and this nipple type shape was the only shape she liked but the problem I was having with so many pacifiers was that the rim was too big and they would wedge up against her little nose. This one gave her nose enough clearance so that she could comfortably use it. It was also nice that it had a little tab on the back with a hole in it so that I could attach a clip cord to it to keep it from falling on the ground.|pos
I love this product, it's fun and it came in a really nice original package. I highly recommended it. xoxo|pos
I have not received the order so I can't really rate it. I will have to give it at a baby shower for another child.|neg
works great, love the bright colors and love the split ring on top so it is easy to hook onto a purse or diaper bag!|pos
I LOVE these pacifiers and are the only ones my son will take! Exactly the same as the hospital gives! Cute colors. Expected by delivery date! Definitely happy with the service.|pos
They are very cute and were well liked by the new parents. Very cute as a shower gift bag decoration.|pos
Love love love love.... Perfect condition. No complaints. Fast prime shipping. This is for 3 months and older. BPA FREE.. I cannot wait to give these as a gift. Gooooo BROWNS|pos
These are the best pacifiers by far for new born/ infants... It makes it easier to hold the pacifier in the baby's mouth and for them to find it in the middle of the night. The little animals give them something to hold onto...  We bought at least 10 of these on Amazon for our daughter and as gifts...  A+++++ product...|pos
These are the best pacifiers by far for new born/ infants... It makes it easier to hold the pacifier in the baby's mouth and for them to find it in the middle of the night. The little animals give them something to hold onto...  We bought at least 10 of these on Amazon for our daughter and as gifts...  A+++++ product...|pos
At first glance you may think these pacifiers look a little goofy, but they're great protection against chapped lips.  MAM brand over any other was a lifesaver for our family.  My son is totally soothed by them.|pos
These are the best pacifiers by far for new born/ infants... It makes it easier to hold the pacifier in the baby's mouth and for them to find it in the middle of the night. The little animals give them something to hold onto...  We bought at least 10 of these on Amazon for our daughter and as gifts...  A+++++ product...|pos
One of the pacifiers, the clear part that goes into the babies mouth was completely cut in two.  Missing a large chunk.  I'd return it, but what a headache.  I ripped open the packaging never thinking they would be damaged.  As a mom, I don't have time to be running to the UPS store to send this back for a replacement.|neg
Got this for my newborn niece - yes, I know she's a girl, but it's still funny... just makes a sleeping baby cuter and one that's fussy for hours a bit more bearable.  She doesn't seem to mind.  When she becomes a teenager and I have bribe pictures, well, her outlook might change then...  But for now, very cute  =)|pos
We had such a hard time finding these in newborn size. My Granddaughter loved it and we so loved the smell.|pos
just what we had hoped for, speedy delivery great quality highly recommend this product washes great in front load washer easy for baby to hold and not so easily lost when tossed!!!|pos
I used these for my first baby and she liked them a lot. We started using the pacifier very early (before she was a week old) because she would tend to suck on her mouth. In spite of this, there was no nipple confusion, and she was weaned off the pacifier by her 7th month. I've gotten them again for the second baby!|pos
After one use, I was unable to close both the clasps and the product was completely useless. I would not recommend this purchase.|neg
I bought this for a little girl I babysit. She loves her wubbanubs! She has at least four of them!!|pos
I purchased these units after seeing them at our local hospital.  They are great because you don't need any probe covers and they work without having to touch the baby so no need to wake them to see how they are doing.|pos
my son calls his pacifiers &#34;ball&#34; because he loves the sports themed nuk pacifiers.  we got all basketball ones sent to us when we ordered, just FYI|pos
My son loves these! and I do too! We have about 20 of them in every part of the house !|pos
I so in love with this pacifier!So great!!!!!I recommended to buy! You love it . .Very easy to use !|pos
Our son was a 3 pound preemie and even with his little mouth, he was able to suck on this pacifier. He loved it!|pos
As a parent in a complex parenting scenario, I have limited interaction with my six month old daughter. If she is upset for any significant length of time our weekly play time is cut short. As such, it is very important to have a happy baby girl when we play... Right now she is very painfully teething, and it was very difficult to sooth her enough to be able to spend quality time together. Nothing seemed to work for any period of time. I picked up pair of these pacifiers (They had no pink ones, so she got blue, the Others take your gender stereotypes), and it makes our play time one hundred percent more enjoyable. She will start to fuss, and when given one of these pacifiers she will happily suck for a few seconds before discovering that the outside edges it are a hard enough silicone to soothe her sore gums without being too hard and hurting her mouth, as many other teething toys are for her. She then proceeds to contently chew on the outer rim of what I suppose is the guard portion of the pacifier, until she becomes distracted and begins moving on to other toys. But before long, her gums start to hurt again, and she begins searching for it. Once found it is snatched up and back in her maw being chewed with a ferocity that is rarely seen in Kodiak Grizzly bears. I am extremely happy with this product. I am sure it works well as a traditional pacifier too. . .|pos
Very happy, my baby too.Forget all the fancy ones,this ones are the best.Thank u Amazon for having them for us.|pos
We have purchased the alligator (which my dog decided was his chew toy), the giraffe, and the longhorn. I like the longhorn and the puppy the best. The giraffe's neck makes it a little less stable than the animals with the normal necks. We have yet to lose one of these because they're very visible, and my son loves the soft animal to grasp. Such a great invention! I make sure to have one with us at all times. The weight of the animals make them stay in place more than traditional pacifiers. They are also to clean (machine washable) and air dry very quickly. Don't hesitate to buy this-your baby will love it!|pos
This was requested by my granddaughter. She is acquiring all that she needs before the birth of our great grand baby. This will be helpful in the early months.|pos
My little guy LOVED these pacifiers! He wouldn't accept any other ones except for these. He's finally out grown them but I promise you I will be buying more for my next child!|pos
I am just writing to say that this product never arrived to me in the pack. I am quite disappointed with the missing of this item in the pack. Really crossed with that...|neg
Just what I expected thanks I would def buy again and/or recommend to friends and family. My Baby loves them|pos
My 2 month old loves the puppy wubbabub!  It helps him guide the pacifier to his mouth and sometimes I catch him petting this puppy just like we taught him to pet the family dog.  Super cute!|pos
I would have loved to use this, but seeing as my package was marked as delivered but NO WHERE TO BE FOUND, I have to say I'm really unhappy with my purchase. Neither Amazon nor UPS are making it easy for me to find out how to get help. From what I'm seeing, I guess I won't get a refund nor a replacement. If it's a small package, no one seems to care about it getting lost!<br /><br />Just saying, BE CAREFUL about ordering something so small. I'd make sure if you buy this to get it with something else so it comes in a larger box. Thanks a lot, Amazon, for screwing this one up.|neg
These are our favorite pacifiers hands down. As an added bonus, the football design is perfect for our little guy at Texas high school football games!!|pos
I don't have a whole lot to say about these pacifiers.  The baby likes them, they work.  Sometimes the cat likes them too...that part isn't so good, but it's not the fault of the pacifier.|pos
I wasn't going to let my baby have pacifiers, maybe because where I'm from they're called &#34;dummies&#34;. Anyway, all that changed 3 days after she was born and was screaming non-stop. My mother-in-law sat me down and said &#34;now I know you don't want to use pacifiers but babies need to suck and if you don't want to breastfeed non-stop they'll help... plus they use them in the neo-natal unit at Stanford Hospital so how bad can they be?&#34;<br /><br />At my wit's end and in tears I begged her to get some for me. She returned with 3 kinds (not these, because they're not for newborns). My daughter liked the soft Nuk ones the best, but when she turned 6 months old they were too small for her so I took myself off to the store to find the same, but larger. They don't exist, so flexing my super scientific muscle I endeavored to pick the one that was closest. These were them. The colored bit is hard plastic to keep the shape, but that piece is completely covered in soft silicone. It took my daughter about a day to get used to them and the work wonders for calming her.<br /><br />You set so many rules for yourself as a parent, always with the best of intentions, but you have to be ready to flex and this is one I'm glad we broke. Nap times and I-hate-my-carseat-and-just-want-to-scream times are much easier with these.  We're about to wean her off them, but am so glad we found them when our other ones got too small.|pos
Of all the millions of baby things I got and bought for my child, this Wubbanub was among the most-used and best-quality items that I simply couldn't live without. The stuffed animal helps anchor the pacifier in the mouth. This was particularly helpful when she got to the age where she threw everything on the floor, where it would promptly disappear with the dust bunnies under the couch.<br /><br />She held onto the giraffe every night and it comforted her while she fell asleep and she played with it during the day. It was a lifesaver.<br /><br />Some reviewers have complained the pacifier doesn't detach, but this was a plus for me. If it had, I would have probably lost the pacifier or the animal and they would have never been conjoined again. The whole thing is washable or you can simply wipe down the pacifier part. I now buy a Wubbanub for every baby shower I go to.|pos
This is one of the BEST products NUK could come up with! I have used NUK pacifiers since day 1 for both of my babies! The best thing is they are orthodontic! You could never go wrong with this!|pos
I saw someone with one of the Wubbanub pacifiers for their infant child.<br />So I ordered one for a friend who was having a new baby.<br />They love it, and the baby girl can hold it in her hand even though she is less than 2 months old.<br />And it's so easy to wash,,, just throw it in the washing machine.|pos
I bought these for a baby shower monkey theme gift basket I made and it looked so cute! thanks so much|pos
They work great and give you a few moments to yourself.  Newborns need to suck and sometimes moms need a break.  This is the perfect solution.|pos
This is cute.  Makes a nice 'add on' gift for new baby or for a gag gift for mom and dad|pos
This is cuter in person than the picture shows.  I saw it a Babies R Us and it was much more vibrant than the photo online, so I ordered it from Amazon.  About the same price at both places.  It holds two pacifiers.|pos
This is a really cute pacifier pod that fits 2 pacifiers.  It matches the Skip Hop changing pad in Metro Stripe.|pos
My daughter loves her Wubbanub. I give this as a gift now to every new mom I know. I don't know if it's good or bad but my 19 month old will not sleep without this so we had to get a backup just in case so we are never without one! It's very soothing to her and she loves it!|pos
My daughter loves the wubbanub so much that we bought another one just for her to have at daycare!  Her little hands can grasp the elephants ears and it really helps the paci to stay in her mouth easier!|pos
They were both pink pacifiers.  The babies are twin boys.  Of course, we wanted blue, green or a neutral color.|neg
This was one of the many pacifier we tried with my breast fed baby. Hard to leave a review bc she ended up just not wanting any pacifier. But the delivery was fast.|pos
Tried these with my breastfed baby. She took it for a few days.Hard to say bc she never wanted any pacifier. But shipping was fast.|pos
We have several different brands but My 3 month old baby loves these best. Soft and easy to clean .|pos
nothing much to say, it is what it is a pacifier... My daughter doesn't like silicone, so it does the trick|pos
This was the pacifier they gave me in the hospital and I was happy to find them on Amazon. I was given some of the First Years gumdrop pacifiers as baby shower gifts - same concept as these.  Both work great, however, the Avent Soothie is softer.  I use both and like both. The price on Amazon was basically the same as I have seen in local retail stores, but got it as an add-on item with free shipping.|pos
Bought this when my son was only a few months old.  It made sleeping time such a breeze.  He still has it now and has become his Security blanket.|pos
My son was born during the baseball season and he must have known it too.  He will only use Texas Rangers pacifiers to go to sleep.|pos
As soon as I put it in his mouth he grabbed into it! He's been sleeping with it all through nap time today. I thought it had a clip to change soothies out but it doesn't. O well still so sweet and works well.:)|pos
I will not recommend that it is brought off line. I spent 90 percent more ordering on line I was up set to see the same Tim at Walmart for cheaper price .|neg
I love these pacifiers for the first few months. They are like the ones from the hospital and are super easy to clean. Very happy they come in girly colors too!|pos
Fun for baby to hold, colorful, holds in place on our newborn's chest when our arms wear out from replacing it over and over...now we gift these to all our friends with newborns too!|pos
The attached toy helps keep the pacifier in the babies mouth, it also gives something for the LO to play with or hold. To clean, stick them in the washer and then sanitize them.|pos
The attached toy helps keep the pacifier in the babies mouth, it also gives something for the LO to play with or hold. To clean, stick them in the washer and then sanitize them.|pos
She loves this pacifier everyone else hates it but she wont sleep without it just order a couple more cuz I cant fine any other that she would keep with out trowing it she takes care of it and doesn't loose it its adorable seeing her with it...I absolutely love it just order 4 more cuz when I misplace it and I only have one its hell!|pos
About the funnies thing you've EVER seen on a little new born princess. Worth the price of the ticket just for the picture opt!!|pos
WOW!! WHAT A FANTASTIC IDEA TO HAVE A SOFT TEDDY WITH A PACIFER, THEY ARE THE PERFECT SIZE & COLOR. MY BABY LOVE'S THEM!|pos
I CAN TELL YOU WHAT A FANTASTIC IDEA ARE THIS WABBANUB PACIFER, MY BABY LOVE'S THEM ! IT IS A GRAT GIFT!|pos
My son loves is paci, and so do I. I especially like the idea of how its made. Safety comes first and with this design choking hazards are very rare. I also like that if it falls on the ground it rarely touches the nipple because of its wide outer rim! Number 1 paci you can't go wrong.|pos
my granddaughter loves it.  makes managing her pacifier so much easier.  She can get it back in place by herself and loves playing<br />with the legs of the caterpillar.  It is even cuter than the picture.|pos
my granddaughter loves it.  makes managing her pacifier so much easier.  She can get it back in place by herself and loves playing<br />with the legs of the turtle.|pos
This pacifier its beyond cute, I bought it for a present, and they just loved it, babys look adorable with this.|pos
Got it for my son, its a bit big for his mouth, he was only 5 months old when we got it for him.  Still very cute when he puts it in.|pos
We have tried every other design of pacifier out there and our son just seems to like these the most bar none. They are designed well and just LOOK like they would be more comfortable than the others... The little ridge vent in the design does work also to reduce suction.. You just have to make sure to rinse it extra well as formula and food when they get a bit older will get in the ridge... It rinses right off with an extra second, but just calling attention to it... The stages (0-3mo,3-6mo,6-12mo) seem to be about right...|pos
These are the only ones my 8 month old will take. By these I mean this brand. They last!  I recommend the night ones for use in the dark....very clever!|pos
Love them all! They are all super cute and practical! This is my new favorite gift for all if the new born babies.|pos
My child is both breastfed and bottle-fed. And while I get that every baby is different, these pacifiers are poorly designed. They slide out of my child's mouth way too easily. They need to be curved to stay in. When breastfeeding the nipple is supposed to touch the roof of the baby's mouth; these pacifiers just go straight back, hence the reason they fall out constantly. Don't waste your money.|neg
i love the colors and its the only kind my daughter will take !! would buy again for other kids!|pos
This is a good quality pacifier, and with the mustache it is special!  There are types other than the cowboy, so you can get the look you want for your little one.|pos
Love these.  My daughter wanted to play with her pacifier, but at 8 weeks, didn't quite have the coordination to keep track of such a small object.  We bought her this, and she loves it.  We had to buy 2 more to keep around the house/in the car.  They're also great because it's hard to lose a stuffed animal, as opposed to just a pacifer.  Great for in the car. Recommend them to all of our friends.|pos
It was a gift I was looking for.  Couldn't find even at Disney.  They should make many more different styles|pos
My infant loves it!! It washes wonderfully in the washing machine :-) Well worth the money! You will not be disappointed!|pos
Oh my is this thing cute! And best of all my grandson loves it. And everyone who saw him with it adored it too.|pos
This product listed is the Soothie 0-3 months, I received the 3+ month version which is much harder and my newborn hates them.  Unfortunately, since the package looks the same I didn't realize it until I already took them out, sterilized them, and let him use it.  I couldn't figure out why he kept spitting it out until I looked closer and realized it is a thicker plastic and says Super Soothie on it.  The picture of the product also shows it as 0-3m.  Very disappointed as these are hard to find locally and are they only style my son will take.  Product description and picture really should be changed to show what is really being shipped.|neg
I like this ....well not me so much as my son.  Got this one at the Hospital and threw away all the ones I bought before he was born.  I bought this one as a spare just in case the hospital one got lost.|pos
These are as cute as they can be.  I doubt anyone else will be giving Cardinal pacifiers at the shower.|pos
You need to get more than one, because it becomes such a favorite. Our grandson loves his monkey. Before he could grasp, he could still pull it into him because of the attached toy. We have twin grandchildren, boy and girl. One is not into pacifiers, and her Wabbanub was never a hit, but the other had more trouble calming, and this helped him keep his needed soother in his mouth.|pos
I recomand this prodect to anyone it is so cute i got it for my nephew and i wasnt sure he'd like it since he only likes the chupon the hospital gave him and rejects all other but i decided to get it anyway and he loved it XD (chupon means pacifer in spanish)|pos
Cute pacifiers. They contour (unlike some other brands) making it easy to keep in their mouth. I liked getting a bunch of sports (or a similar theme) because then I knew which pacifiers where which sizes as I was finding them around the house to transition them out.|pos
The photo doesn't show exactly what you get,  I picked this one because I have a girl and it contained one color for girls and one for boys.|neg
It was tricky finding a case to fit the Philips Soothie pacifiers. This one fits wonderfully and I really like that it's hard plastic, as it is easy to clean.|pos
Gave as a gift at a baby shower.  Was listed on Mom's baby registry.  Have not heard any issues from new Mom.|pos
My daughter is obsessed with her wubba nub, the elephant in particular. She can't sleep without it. She doesn't even use the paci part, she like to move around with the legs in her mouth. She goes to sleep with the wubba nub in her hand and thumb in her mouth. I had to buy another for back up!|pos
Only thing that matters is my grand daughter is extremely attached (literally) to her &#34;puppy&#34; and when the tattered original went missing time was of the essence. Thanks for your speedy delivery.|pos
It is a great idea and works perfectly. My baby takes medicine better with this pacifier. There is one thing that I do not like, the hole on the bottom of the pacifier (through which the babies suck the medicine out) is a little bit too big, it is too easy to be choked by the liquid.|pos
He loves his wubbanub. He uses it all the time and it comes in handy at night when he is searching for it half asleep he can find it easily. Hes like his little pal. Very easy to wash just toss into the washer and dry and its perfect very well made he has beaten the crap out of it and it is still holding strong.|pos
My son loves this product and everyone sees it and wants one too. I have a stash of them saved for baby shower gifts!|pos
I love these glow-in-the-dark binkies for my little one...easier to find at night and I love that thety came with a carrying case.|pos
My son loves this product and everyone sees it and wants one too. I have a stash of them saved for baby shower gifts!|pos
Love it,  My baby is the cutest when he uses this pacifier!!!  My baby loves it and we make him use it at every chance|pos
We had two of these and our daughter loved them, so.... we got sick of finding them or cleaning them.  Hey, they're cheap, right?  So I ordered 6 sets of 2.  12.... so we'd have 14 total.  Within 3 days of all 12 arriving, being sanitized and ready for use, she stopped using a pacifier.  Argh... or... YAY?  Frustrating I bought, opened, and used them all immediately.  Awesome that theres no weening her off a pacifier.  All in all, I consider it a win!|pos
OK.. everything is all right. All perfect, product is the same of the sale. Very beatiful and cool. I Recomend|pos
My son loves this product and everyone sees it and wants one too. I have a stash of them saved for baby shower gifts!|pos
My daughter is in love with her pacifier and these are the only ones she'll take. We found them while on holiday to the US and bought what we thought was a good stock of them but now we're down to only 2!<br /> My problem with my order is that the size wasn't specified when I ordered and I was sent 0-6month pacifiers when I actually wanted the bigger type so she won't take these ones. So for me, it was a  waste of money sadly (lots of money because it was an international order and the shipping was expensive)<br />Not the fault of the seller, I must add.|pos
This is an excellent product. It may look a little expensive for a thermometer, but it's a good price if you consider the peace of mind the can bring to your life, especially at night when you have a sick infant or toddler having fever episodes due to a virus or other reason. When after struggling to give them some medicine and help to go to sleep, They finally feel better and go to sleep, the last thing you want to do is to wake them up by trying to check on theirs temperature. When my 1 year old daughter was sick with flu like symptons, including fever, it was a big relief for me and my wife knowing that we could just get close to her and check her temperature without touching her body; that made a world of a difference. We compared this thermometer we many others we have and find it to be as accurate as any good conventional thermometer could be. Thank you AJ WHOSALE for this wonderful product.                                         ***Feb 25, 2016.-- Still Wonderfull after about 3 years of use. Working p erfectly. Thanks one more time for this device. It's been a really useful tool the past 3 years.  Part of my best invested money.|pos
I purchased  these for my twin granddaughters. They love the hello kittys.  I should have ordered another package, because they keep loosing them around the house!|pos
I love the product. Very cute and it stays longer than normal pacifier. But, it is much small than I thought.|pos
OK.. everything is all right. All perfect, product is the same of the sale. Very beatiful and cool. I Recomend|pos
We Absolutely love this Pacifier! My daughter never loses it and she snuggles with the giraffe as she falls asleep|pos
This is my favorite pacifier. I bought it when my baby was 3 months old. I love that my baby can better keep this in her mouth. Of course, sometimes she still grabs onto the lamb and pulls it out, but the design of this is such that it doesn't fall on the floor nearly as often. I find it most helpful in the car. I can tuck the lamb in the seatbelt straps to somewhat keep it in place, but it is still loose enough that she can pull it out if she really doesn't want it. I bought a second one (different animal). There are so many cute ones to choose from.|pos
OK.. everything is all right. All perfect, product is the same of the sale. Very beatiful and cool. I Recomend|pos
This was THE pacifier for my son.  We couldn't go anywhere without it, it was his #1 necessity.  No other paci would do.|pos
I live in Brazil and here it is difficult to find this product. Everywhere I go with my son using a pacifier, all love!<br />Besides beautiful, it is still very safe and comfortable.|pos
He absolutely loves his giraffe.  It stays in his crib easier then a regular pacifier, which can fall between the slats.  He loves holding on the the cuddly giraffe.|pos
This pacifier is soo cute. My son really likes it. It is easy to use, the animal is soft and goes with us everywhere! One of his favorite things!|pos
This product was delivered exactly as I expected. I am very happy with this item and look forward to giving it as a gift.|pos
These are great but my baby didn't take them--not the products fault. It is well made and worth the price.|pos
The wubbanub is the most amazing thing ever made! It works great to always have in the car seat! Even if they don't always need the pacifier part all the time! Lol its really nice for when they spit it out! Much easier to catch before it hits the ground! Love mine! :)|pos
This is the only kind of paci both my daughter and son would take. The price is great and they are perfect for us.|pos
I bought this for my 4 month old as he had trouble maneuvering his regular pacifier.<br /><br />I am quite impressed at how well made the overall product is made. The monkey is soft and with beans in the hands and feet. The pacifier, which is a Soothie, the same kind they give you in hospitals, is very securely attached. I've tugged on it and have no concerns about it coming off.<br /><br />As I it comes with a Soothie, which is Monkey's favourite, he took to it right away. There was a slight learning curve in getting him used to it, but he quickly got the hang of it.|pos
My grandson loves his giraffe wubbanub.  It makes finding the pacifier easy and gives him something to hang on to.|pos
I bought the same item 2 years ago and it was much better quality.  I don't what happened but this thing is cheap and sucks my little one won't even use it|neg
We did not think we would be able to find these. Our new baby feel in love with the hospital pacifier. He loves them and they are much more durable and less expensive than others.|pos
We use these and the similar Gumdrop paci but these are just a little softer and our little one's favorite.|pos
Philips AVENT  is the only satisfying pacifier for my baby girl.  She does not like any of the other brand pacifiers.|pos
Started off with the Lamb and then because it was such an important part of grandson's accommodation to play and security,ordered other animals.  East for the baby and parents, can catch easily and lays on baby's chest.  Love to see him cuddle the animals.|pos
and my dog ate the rubber part and then spit it out... that must mean something. In fact, the only cool thing about these is they glow in the dark. But, I would rather not have my daughter chew on glow in the dark stuff. That's just me. Although, they did come with covers and in a hard case so that happened to be awesome and helpful for other bubbies I purchased. Thank you Avent.|neg
My baby doesn't like any pack at first. But with persistence, these pack works. Comparing to the Avent Soothie (very popular and has the same nipple), I like this one better because it has the nose cutout and also the holder has a hole for me to string through a clipper. Also, it's a good deal for 5. I rotate them all day long|pos
This is our third Wubbunub binky as back up. It is a great size for little hands and little mouths.|pos
My daughter saw a friend had a collection of these so being a toddler she also must have one.  She loves it & wants to take it everywhere but it's small can can easily be lost or misplaced (like we have).|pos
He would not go to sleep without his Wubby! He always held on to the little animal like he was hugging it. Both my sons did this when they were little.|pos
Best introduction to sports for a baby.  Loved the product<br />It was exactly has advertised.  I would give this as a gift again and again|pos
These pacifiers glow in the dark which is so helpful when your baby wakes up crying because she lost her pacifier. They are great quality and they are designed and developed by pediatric dentists and orthodontists. I feel comfortable letting my infant suck on them and they really seem to soothe her.|pos
I purchased this for a baby shower gift.  It is SOoo cute!  Also, quick delivery.  Soft and seems to have good construction.|pos
we couldnt get our baby to take *any* pacifier and heard about this brand. the first time she tried it, she was hooked! it's truly a miracle paci and i do believe it mimics the breast in a way no other paci does. it's worth the price to soothe a fussy baby, trust me!!!|pos
I bought these a couple of months ago and are working fine.  I saw a couple of reviews that say they didn't last long.  Not to sure about that.  My child doesn't use them all the time but have been fine so far.  They are just like the picture and look cute when your child uses it.|pos
I was leery of giving my breastfed baby a pacifier, but at ten weeks I realized it was what would help him relax during the witching hour as an oversupply prevented him from finding comfort at the breast. He loves to stick his thumb in the hole, which is cute and I think will help him wean from it in the future. His thumbs are getting beefier and I think he'll soon prefer that to the pacifier. You definitely need this 6 pack as pacifiers disappear quickly! Also, my baby has had no nipple confusion with these.|pos
My son loves this product. He can not put it down, and it helps because it never gets lost.  Now my sister wants one for her kid as well|pos
My baby love it! And I think  it is the best pacifier to stay in baby's mouth. And the little animals makes it even more cuter and easy to baby hands to hold it.|pos
EXACTLY WHAT I NEEDS AND CAME IN A TIMELY FASHION. JUST WISH I WOULD HAVE GOTTEN FOUR INSTEAD OF TWO.|pos
Best pacifier ever! I purchased another one right after I received the first one. A perfect gift for baby shower!|pos
Bought this one as a gift for friends baby boy, enjoys it as much as my baby girl. Amazing quality and product can recommend !!|pos
Adorable and perfect little longhorn Wubanub that is hard to find. A must get for a gift or self with the great price.|pos
My baby and I both love these pacifiers!!<br />They're guilt free for me since they don't have strange chemicals, like pthalates, etc. And my baby gets giddy every time he sees it. So I guess it's a perfect fit!|pos
Really love these binkies!!!  Used them with my second baby and also now with our third!!  The ring is a huge plus when carrying for baby and is also great for binkie clips!!  Baby loves them too!!  ;)|pos
This is so soft and lovely. It's perfect for the baby to hold on to and then snuggle at the same time. A baby that can reach for things can find it easily in the crib at night. I wish the pacifier came in a larger size for older babies, although, I have found, that my baby is not picky to the little difference in the size. I wouldn't let that deter a parent of an older baby to try this out.|pos
I like this brand of pacifier wipes a lot better than the Arm & Hammer ones. These are more moist and have a nice apple scent/taste to them. This large container is a convenient size too - easy plastic dispensing lid that you pop up with just a touch.|pos
Very cute, it is the only pacifier that my baby would take. The only downside is that for babies too young (less than 4 months) the plush toy gets in the way of their hands and the pacifier keeps falling out of their little mouths. But once they learn how to use their hands, they start playing (chewing) with the toy. Adorable.|pos
These are the only paci's my baby will take...she is completely breastfed and these do not confuse her. I will recommend these to anyone.|pos
I love this thing, more like my son loves this a lot he is always holding it and everything.  we do not regret getting this that's for sure id recommend this to everyone.|pos
My baby have been using avent pacifier till 3 months and I decided to change it. She always spit out the avent and I have to hold it for her. I bought NUK and Dr Brown for her to try. She like it instantly. No more popping out. Yet to try the NUK since she like Dr Brown.<br />It only comes with 1 pacifier cover instead of 2. I have to reuse the avent cover, luckily it fits.|pos
The Wubba Nub Giraffe is very soft, beautiful, and adorable. My baby loves it and I take it everywhere with her.|pos
Great concept, borne no doubt out of the reality that pacifiers tend to be dropped, and when they drop, they bounce to unseen places. These WubbaNubs work so well for both baby and parent. If your child likes a pacifier, this one will help them hold on to it, and play with.|pos
These pacifiers are GREAT!  They go the distance!!  You can wash them in the dishwasher, or in the sink--they hold up!!|pos
I bought the giraffe one of these for my niece before she was born and my sister said it was her favority binky.  It gives the baby something soft to hold onto even if they aren't using it in their mouth.  I have since gotten them for other nieces and nephews and the parents have told us that the kid won't use any other type now.|pos
Got it for my preemie grandson. Elephant lays on his chest and helps to keep pacifier in his mouth. Plus I love elephants.|pos
This is the most ADORABLE addition to my little man EVER. He is so cute with it in his mouth def worth the money for all the pictures alone.|pos
I bought this before my Grandson was born.  This, out of all his pacifiers is his favorite.  He holds on to it when he is asleep for comfort.|pos
Not a good product.  Concept Is good, but it closed on baby's fingures while holding it.  It also closed when it hit the floor which was good, however, it was hard for baby to hold onto and it would close in her hands.  Didn't hurt her, but she could not open it so she would just throw it.  Not good.|neg
My granddaughters both love these! They are easy for their little hands to hold and easy to clean. The styles are pretty cute too!|pos
The best thing about these is there easy to wash and both my kids loved them for the short time they used them..|pos
pacifier also serves as teething type of ring.  bought for great grand daughter and she loves it. would recommend to all new mothers.|pos
This is the only pacifier we can consistently get our little one to take. We are very happy with it!|pos
Huge hit at the bar and all the bartenders and patrons were laughing but wish they came in only black and brown....|pos
We got this for a friend and sent it to them, but as far as I know, there are no complaints!|pos
These were recommended to me by a nurse and they are great - they are smaller and nicer on my daughter's face!  They hold up wonderfully and the six pack is perfect!|pos
My little girl loves this thing! I even bought the elephant one for her and ordered one for a friends baby! Great product!!|pos
We love WubbaNub!<br /><br />1.  It's really hard to lose.<br />2.  It's more difficult for baby to knock out of his mouth on accident.  It may take some maneuvering to find the right position, but it's certainly better than all our other Soothie pacifiers.<br />3.  It's a Soothie.  Love these!<br />4.  How stinkin' cute is the little duck?  Our little one is just about 3 months and he's finally starting to notice WubbaNub.  We'll see if he becomes attached to it.  Who knows???|pos
I just HAD to purchase this to go along with an  upcoming baby shower gift after watching another friend's 1 month old cuddle this sweet little monkey in his fists while sleeping away with the pacifier in his mouth. Seriously one of the sweetest sights!.  Perfect for not having pacifiers spit out and dropped in unsanitary places. Small enough for the littlest of babies but enough  to grow with. I will definitely be buying an assortment of these when my day comes to be a mother. :)|pos
my  grandson and his wife are expecting their 1st baby.  they are both gator fans.  i will include this with the other baby items for the baby shower.  thank you!|pos
My husband the dentist was skeptical of pacifiers because of teeth problems, but he is fine with these, and they work great!|pos
My daughter has had one of these since she was a newborn. She's 2 now & doesn't go anywhere without it.  She literally wears them out.  I buy them 2 at a time so I can always have a clean one available.  She loves hers so much!|pos
Easy to clean and great quality my daughter refuses to use any other kind, would highly recommend these to anyone|pos
My son had awful reflux, and I was unable to lay him down for 9 months. Seriously. Hell. This was our savior (along with the rock n' play rocker). He used them until he was 2. Literally EVERY photo of him from ages 4 months-2 years feature his beloved giraffe. We had a few on rotation, and the giraffes held up GREAT through washing (we would boil them, throw them in the washing machine, etc.) Love love love. We gift these at every baby shower!|pos
Perfect for any baby Patriots fan, my little guy is a little picky when it comes to pacifiers but took these ones right away and now he looks like a real Pats fan and ready for football season!!|pos
Great product at a great price....my 5 month old loves it!! He's so. Sweet when he cuddles ip with it:o)|pos
This item is cute, perfect for one or two pacifiers only. Its good to keep a spare pacifier just in case the one in your baby's mouth falls out and gets dirty. It's an accessorie, looks cute and stylish. Not really needed but useful ...Just in case.<br /><br />Keep in mind this only fits two pacifiers.|pos
My daughter has become obsessed with these! they are so great, i got her first one when she was just a few months old and I loved it for car rides so when she spat it out it would stay on her chest in case she wanted it again, I think it really helped her with hand eye coordination as well. I have the lamb, caterpillar and elephant. super cute.|pos
Looks exactly like the picture. looks cute when baby has it. makes for cute pictures especially if your a tigers fan.|pos
This Pacifier is fashion,very beautiful,I  feel my duaghter like it very much,I feel<br />I love it ,so.you should buy it,|pos
High quality. One of my daughter's favorites! It's just like the Soothie she got as a newborn in the hospital.|pos
My boys have two each just in case we lose one.  They will not use any other pacifier.  Great product.|pos
My boys have two each just in case we lose one.  They will not use any other pacifier.  Great product.|pos
My baby loves this thing!  I had never heard of wubbanubs before but now I think everyone should have at least one.|pos
Loved it, Fits to pacifiers nicely. Although snap isnt as strong, for when you want to attach it to the diaper bag.|pos
My baby loves this thing!  I had never heard of wubbanubs before but now I think everyone should have at least one.  We have 4 now!|pos
I bought this for a gift, so I am not sure if the baby actually will use it.  It was funny for the new mom to open and well worth the giggles.|pos
This little stuffed animal is about the size of an understuffed Beanie Baby....perfect for tiny little fists to hold. And the pacifier is permanently attached...so, it's easier to see when it's gone overboard! Ingenious! I think it arrived about 2 or 3 days after I ordered it.|pos
My baby loves these pacifiers, they are the only brand she really took to.  You don't know which colors you will get until they arrive but I have only seen two different color choices in my local stores so any change is good, and she doesn't really need to co-ordinate pacifiers with her outfits.|pos
such an adorable little pacifier. I bought this for as a baby shower gift and the mom to be loved it!|pos
Our daughter immediately took to the Wubbanubs (was previously using the Soothie pacifier by itself), and loves them. We love them because they were so much easier for her to learn to place/keep in her mouth herself. And I don't think we even have to mention the cute factor.|pos
It is my daughter's first baby and it's a girl!!!!! This pacifier was a little &#34;lighter&#34; in color than it looks on here, but I love it! and I know mom, dad, and baby will love it too!|pos
My 6 month old loves it and uses it anytime is teeth start to bug him. I heard some people complain about taste or smell but I think they neglected the instructions on cleaning and boiling. Overall great product that does its job and is a healthy choice for a growing baby.|pos
This has been the only pacifier my baby has used.  He loves it and uses it when he sleeps.  I like that it has a cover to keep it clean.  I clean it in soapy water and sterilize it in my Avent steamer.|pos
If the little one likes it and it helps to soothe him, then there isn't anything more that needs saying.|pos
can not wait to have my little man here , everyone told me that these are amazing so i went ahead and got a set. they arrived before i thought they would|pos
My little one can push this back into her mouth without exhausted mother getting up to help. That in itself makes this item one of my most valuable possessions. She also likes to snuggle her &#34;gator&#34; while falling asleep after she's spit the pacifier out.|pos
Sturdy, easy to use, my kids each have had &#34;their&#34; paci chain that we keep long after the paci departs.|pos
My child loves the WubbaNub! Easy to hang on to and cuddle with plus she enjoys playing with it during our car rides.|pos
For our first baby we bought a variety of pacifiers. She didn't end up needing one much, but when she did, this was her favorite. I bought hoping it would keep the pacifier in her mouth. She is an active one and her hands would always knock the pacifier out. It did help some but not as much as I would have liked. However it does do something for her because I have a pacifier exactly like the one on the dog and it doesn't do the trick. She is at the point where she wants to grab ahold of something and this perfect. Needless to say we don't leave home for long without it. Oh beware you get tons of comments. Everyone who see her with it thinks it is adorable and just raves about it. My sister thought it was so cute, she bought her 3 more, different animals of course!|pos
I wish that I had paid more attention to the product description for this item. The giraffe arrived and it was teeny tiny, much smaller than I anticipated. Additionally, it reminded me of the beanie baby toys that McDonald's used to hand out with Happy Meals.<br /><br />I was so disappointed that I returned this product and instead bought the Bunnies by the Bay 'Silly Buddy' pacifier holder. It is larger, lightweight, and very soft. My daughter seems to like that it is big enough for her to hold onto, which would have been more difficult with the Wubbanub. I would recommend the Silly Buddy over the Wubbanub.|neg
Most parents say not to go with the pacifier but i bought tons before i found one that worked for my son.  This was the only one he would take.  The seam where the Silicone meets the plastic seems to get a little dirtybut this can be cleaned easily.|pos
We have been very pleased with all Dr. Brown's products. We have their bottles, bottle warmer, pacifiers, and more. With our second child on the way we decided to stick with what we were used to and happy with. My daughter is 15 months and only uses the Dr. Brown's pacifiers when she is napping or sleeping, never had an issue with her not liking this brand.|pos
We were given these for our preemie in the hospital  and have been using it ever since. He's sort of grown out of having a pacifier, but we still keep them around just in case.|pos
These are THE best pacifiers to soothe new babies. Besides getting a pacifier they have a soft toy to hold - nicer than a pacifier on a string.|pos
My daughter Isley loves her sweeties. After purchasing God Bless lamb my 7 year old niece encouraged me to get Isley the collection so she can have unlimited friends. Her favorite by far is Bella Ella. I find joy in renaming her friends and watching her eyes light up during a game of hid and seek to find them! Awesome product! Multiple choices also help with outfit coordination!|pos
Bought this on a whim and sure glad I did. My wife laughed at me initially but now she loves it as much as the baby.  Even at just 6 weeks old we've seen our daughter maneuver the wubbanub back into her mouth if close by!|pos
I received pink - we have a boy. You don't get to choose which I guess I should have read.|neg
These pacifiers are so cute and perfect for your little princess!  I can't wait until mine arrives and gets to use them!|pos
Works just as expected and my boy loves it.  It keeps him pacified when he's asleep and it stays close so when he wakes up he can easily reach for it.  Wish they made them with older kid pacifiers to prevent any teeth development issues.|pos
good to find a boy-color-themed set of pacifiers! the colors are bright without being garish, and the nipples are smooth and strong for your baby to suck on safely. keep in mind that you can probably get these for a better price at your local cvs, though.|pos
Our son (8 months) really loves these pacifiers. He doesn't accept any other. Since we ordered the pacifiers from Germany, we especially appreciate that the seller did fill in the customs form correctly. Therefore, everything went smoothly with German customs.|pos
my little one kept losing her pacifier, so i had to get up at night to get it for her. this little toy is a wonderful solution! you can use your own pacifier, which makes it even better.|pos
so cute and wonderful to buy for your child or as a gift. it arrived in time and well packed. when my sons is using it everyone comments on it and ask where to get it from.|pos
Very soothing for my daughter and easy to find. I keep it clean by putting it through the washing machine and it washes up nicely.|pos
I received one of these 0-3 month pacifiers in a gift set and LO loves!  Tried to order more as not sold in babies r us or target.  Received 0-6 month pacifiers instead.  They should change the listing so it reflects what they are sending.|neg
Bought this for my nephew, it's his favorite binky of all time! He loves to look at himself in the mirror with it. So much fun!|pos
I had lots of hopes when I ordered this paci. However, it smells rubber so much that my baby spits it up right away.|neg
My son almost exclusively uses Wubbanub pacifiers.  They are great - you can't lose them easily, and they keep the pacifier close so you can get it back in your baby's mouth quickly without digging around trying to find it after it's spit out.  I didn't believe it at first, but infants also like to hug the little toy.  Of the three Wubbanubs I have, the frog Wubbanub is my least favorite, only because it doesn't seem to be as weighted and falls off my son's chest easier than the duck or giraffe Wubbanub.  But it still works great and is very cute.|pos
We LOVE our giraffe Wubbanub!  I bought one before our baby was born to try it out, since I thought it was expensive for a pacifier.  But it's worth every penny.  It's great for keeping the pacifier close, babies love to snuggle the soft toy, and you don't lose pacifiers when your baby spits them out.  I ended up buying two more Wubbanubs because I liked this one so much!|pos
My Baby loves MAM pacifiers.  I love this style of the mam paci's because you can see your babies smile.  I always hate when babies have a binky in their mouth that covers half their face.<br /><br />As for the negative reviews I have seen about mold, I haven't experienced this and that is probably because I sanitize them from time to time.|pos
hahahahahahahahahahahahahaha my wife thinks its just a reason for me to keep my mustache hahahahaha he looks so awesome its the coolest thing i have ever bought my son|pos
Very happy with this.  Looks better in person than it does in the photos.  Love how his little mustache bobs when he sucks on the binky.|pos
At first our 1 month old didn't really like this but it comes in handy when she's still looking for something to put in her mouth after feedings.  This little gizmo will help put her right to sleep!  It also stays put so she can get it back in her mouth even when swaddled up.|pos
I love these. I use them for my business and I order them all the time. My customrs love them also.|pos
My baby loves these! When she was brand new she didn't really like them but now that she is older, she loves them! It's the only kind she really uses anymore :]|pos
The gift was well received by the parents and the young man will not go to sleep without it.  A great gift and everyone who sees it loves it.|pos
Wish I would have known about these a few years ago with my first daughter!!! This pacifier is a life saver. Nothing is more frustrating than having your child love a pacifier but struggling to keep it in their mouth. Finally the WubbaNub makes this possible. Its weighted so that when they are in the swing, stroller, car seat etc. it can sit on their chest and helps keep it in. If it does fall out it doesn't go far and my 6 week old daughter is able to find it with her mouth and put it back in. Thank you for the peace and quiet! Worth every penny.|pos
This where a basic pacifier for the nights! When the baby lost the pair we missed them. it is great to have a shining pacifier during night as it allows you to find it on the bed without the need of turning lights on!|pos
Gave these things to a friend as a gift for their new baby and they have been really helpful .|pos
My oldest daughter picked this out for her new little sister and she loves it! It is super cute and stays in the baby' s mouth which is a huge blessing. It is very cute and you can wash it in the washing machine, just put it in a bag. The only thing i didnt like was the price, which i do think is a little high, but it is a great product.|pos
love it<br />yes, i would tell anyone wanting to buy something unique this is it<br />when the baby gets fussy or waiting for a bottle i use this to keep them quiet<br />3-4 times a day or when ever you need it<br />just a plain old pacifier<br />the quality was above my expectations|pos
We callit Steak and he loves it :) We never lose it and he's easy to find in the dark or the car. My son also loves having something to hold onto.|pos
One of my favorites for my children.  These are so easy for your baby to find when looking for them.  As they get older, they can hold onto them without them falling all over the place and getting dirty, and won't have to wake you up in the middle of the night if they misplace it, my babies always seemed to find it because of the stuffed animal at the end that is easy to grab.  Some of animals sit better then others - the frog, monkey, and cat have a flat stomach so they can sit flat on your infant, so keep that in mind. I have 2 of these for my second child and he's kept up with both of them.|pos
It's so fun that my four year old wants house it as a toy. Perfect for it's purpose, keeps the pacifier clean, it's a bit bulky.|pos
I love how soft and cuddly this giraffe is. My 5 month old loves to hold something soft when she's got her thumb, or a soother in her mouth and this checks both the boxes! Eliminates the need to carry a soother AND a small blanket or toy.|pos
My  daughter loves the pacifier holder for the diaper bag. She loves it for carrying an extra pacifier since it is so easy to misplace them. Very good price and nice products. I am happy I purchased it for her & I Would recommend them.|pos
The pacifiers themselves are great. But the 'colors may vary' concept caused us to end up with a girls set rather than a boy's set. But other than that these are great. :)|pos
My son has the monkey its &#34;His Monkey&#34; and he loves it bought this as a gift !!!! hope they love it too|pos
Wonderful,my baby daughter loves it.Pretty colors,arrived quickly.Love the price.Thank you.I will continue to order them from you.Wonderful experience.Strong quality.Pretty,comfortable.Inexpensive.Daughter loves it.|pos
I love this I bought several different animals for gifts but my son has the monkey this monkey is &#34;his monkey&#34; we don't leave that guy behind ! I was afraid this thing wouldn't hold up but my son will be 1 in a month and his monkey is flawless ! I love this I bought several different animals for gifts but my son has the monkey this monkey is &#34;his monkey&#34; we don't leave that guy behind ! I was afraid this thing wouldn't hold up but my son will be 1 in a month and his monkey is flawless !|pos
With out this crazy little dog I don't know what we would do. This is the gift I will give to every new Parent, we have bought 3 of them!|pos
It is very adorable to see your baby with this little guy.  My baby loves it, sometimes for the binky and other times for the stuffed toy.  No more loosing the binky, its size makes it easy to find.|pos
They gave my little man a soothie in the hospital when he was born, and now its all he will take.|pos
My son will only take these pacifiers, and only on occasion.  These are a little harder/thicker than the 0-3mo soothies, which is fine with my son!  Easy to use, clean, etc.  Great price.|pos
The bottles leaked out the bottom. I thought I put them together wrong, but I didn't. Tried them all and ended up throwing them away!|neg
So I was playing some scratch offs the other day and finally won big. 20,000 dollars, changed, my life. I am not so well eduracated and dont have my peeachdee or anything fancy like that. I am just a simple girl who got pregnant while working at the mac donalds. Now when I take my baby places people stop and stare. Every time I go to the walmart and swipe my EBT card the cashiers give my baby and her pacifier attention. I tell you what, nothing compliments 200 dollars in beef jerky like white gold in your babies lips.|pos
Its a real problem. I think we have most of the ones that are currently made. My little man will only take a soothie pacifier, and the animals are small enough that he can hold on to them. Plus they are adorable! The alternatives come close, but aren't quite as cute or practical. (I like that the pacifier is attached to the animals mouth as opposed to the back of the head like some of the others). The only thing I wish was different is I wish the pacifier could be separated from the animal for cleaning or changing out pacifier.|pos
I bought these in green, blue, and yellow. They were all fine except that the green ones said 3m+, all the others were 0-3m. My (8m old) son HATES them! He thinks he's being tricked. He looks at them, sucks once or twice, gets angry and throws them. I wish I hadn't tossed the package because even though they're only $3 I would have sent them back.<br /><br />If your baby is a fan of the soft, squishy 0-3m pacifiers then they won't like these. The 3m+ ones are very hard, they're a bit more firm than the Gumdrop ones he also dislikes.|neg
Absolutely love this pacifier my sons favorite bedtime companion many compliments on this one. Very easy to find at nightime|pos
This pasci is good for moms on the go. I would recommend this to others, what a great idea to put a protector on this product.|pos
My baby was having a really hard time learning to use a pacifier.  I read reviews on this product and saw others saying it helped their babies to have something to hold onto, so I decided to check it out.  It is awesome!  My baby was able to figure out how to hold onto the toy to keep the pacifier in her mouth, and then learned to keep it in through sucking.  Now at 5 months, she loves to hold and pet this as a lovee, and she chews on all of the monkeys limbs when she isn't in the mood to suck on the pacifier. Definitely a favorite toy in our house!|pos
My son seems to prefer these pacifiers and is able to keep them in his mouth well compared to others|pos
My baby loves this.  I want one of every style.  My kids all like to suck their thumbs, so this works for the baby.  They stick their thumb in the hole without having to wean off their thumbs.<br /><br />Also it was great for my newborns who don't keep a binkie because the stuffed animal helps the binkie stay inside the mouth|pos
Every new parents need a few of these! This combines a pacifier with a comfort toy. My grandson loves the wubbanubs.|pos
Works as a great soother for my seven month old. He's been breast fed since birth and this is the only pacifier he will use.|pos
My son has always had a habit of throwing pacifiers, so chains and clips were a must.  This was one of the most sturdy and durable chains of them all, plus it's colorful and made of wood so kids can play with it as well.  Most of the other clips we had were plastic and easily broken.  My son is 12 months now and this is the only one still around from when he was born.  Great investment!|pos
Although they get a bit sticky after a while and bounce off like crazy when you drop them, they are much softer then silicone and my son used to chew on it when he was teething. If you're gonna use a pacifer, give this one a try.|pos
This was, hands down, my little girl's favorite from the time she was a newborn.  She was quite tiny, so other pacifiers were easily lost if she spit them out.  However, her caterpillar Wubbanub was fantastic.  She would play with the antennae while she took the pacifier and, on the rare occasion when it did get away from her, it was MUCH easier to find than a pacifier alone!|pos
I bought two of these: one for my daughter and one for a friend.  LOVE the Wubbanub!  My little girl was tiny, so other pacifiers could get lost so easily and fall down into her car seat or furniture.  Not the Wubbanub! I could lay it on her chest while the pacifier part was in her mouth, and she LOVED petting the fur! Also, on the rare occasion that she did drop it, it was MUCH easier to find than a pacifier alone!  HIGHLY recommend!|pos
Best pacifier ever! My son wouldn't take any other pacifier than this. He absolutely loves it. I totally recomend this product.|pos
My baby wouldn't take to a soother until she was 12 weeks old and she eventually took to this one. We tried sine she was 4 weeks old but something magically happened when she was a little bit older. I only pop these in when she's fussy and needs a nap and we aren't at home. They are the only ones she keeps in her mouth longer than 2 minutes. She's now 5 months old and too old for these and I'm hoping they have a similar version for 3+ months!|pos
With my first child, we lost pacifiers like crazy.  I bought this for our daughter and it is the only pacifier we use.  It falls out of her mouth less and she likes to hold onto the beanie baby.|pos
he BinkiBear is simple to use. There are three easy steps. You thread the loop through the ring or vent hole of the pacifier. You then open the loop and feed the pacifi<br />er through the loop. Lastly tighten the loop.<br />The things I loved about the Binki Bear are:<br />*easy to use<br />*it was more like a toy then a pacifier (which reduces the addiction to the pacifier)<br />* makes finding the pacifier easy (for both mommy and baby<br />*  weaning is  easier<br />*works with any pacifier (or teething toy)<br />My daughter loves her binki bear.  When I pick it up she grabs it right out of my hands. It's almost impossible to go anywhere with out her bear. I know if my little one loves it so will yours|pos
I bought it for my baby that don't born yet. But i think that she will love it because i read a lot of things i listen a lot of people and everybody recommend it.|pos
Infants notoriously spit out pacifiers - it's a fact.<br />We love the Wubbanub because it positions the pacifier in such a way that my daughter can stop sucking for a moment and it does not fall out and roll away.<br />At 14 weeks old, she will now slurp on the legs, tail and head of this thing and is learning to put the pacifier back in on her own - Don't leave home without it!!! :)|pos
These paci's are great because they are slightly weighted with bean bag limbs. It helps keep the paci in place and the characters make them more visible.|pos
My daughter has been taking these since she was born, shes now almost three and I just cant get rid of them like I wanted to. The nipples are round and wont start messing up on you after all that chewing and sucking.|pos
None available.|pos
Our baby girl (now 2) loved her caterpillar wubbanub and it made it easier for her to find and hold her pacifier at a young age. Recently purchased Ella the Elephant for our newborn.|pos
I think this is more for the parents then the baby. I got it as a gift and the parents loved it|pos
Our baby girl (now 2) loved her caterpillar wubbanub and it made it easier for her to find and hold her pacifier at a young age. Recently purchased Ella Bella the Elephant for our newborn.  Beautiful colors.|pos
My baby prefers this pacifier to all others at 1 month, and it definitely has a soothing effect. Since she liked these so much I bought some more from Target in the vanilla flavor which she loves more than the regular pacifier.|pos
So happy to find they made gumdrop pacifiers for 6m+!  Our baby loved these as a newborn and still loves them now at 11m.  We love them because they are one, molded piece - so no worrying about the pacifier end popping off and they are really easy to clean.|pos
And mom does too! This helps hold the pacifier in the baby's mouth, or at least close enough to it that he can get the paci back in on his own. It has just enough wait to help hold the pacifier in place, but not so much that it disrupts the baby. It's also something that the baby clearly loves to hold onto! Just wish there were more animal choices and that these were a little bit easier to find in stores. The one downside is that they're a little hard to clean without getting the animal attached soaked, but that's such a small point that it doesn't take away from how wonderful these things are!|pos
So nice and small, soft and great for little hands. Will see how it holds up in a few months.|pos
The website was very user friendly and the wubbanub was a perfect gift! Product was what the picture had shown and described.  Very happy with my purchase and the gift was a great success!|pos
We've used this paci since little one was about a week old. He had colic and I was desperate and I had this one in my diaper bag from the hospital. My baby took it right away and calmed down but I was worried that he would get nipple confusion since I exclusively breastfeed him. He didn't and I don't know how I would have survived without it. :)|pos
We're on our 5th and 6th of these, and I wished I'd just bought a bunch at a sale vs. replacing them as they get lost.  These are totally worth having multiples of:  ones for the stroller, the crib, the play area, etc.  They also clean easily in the washer and dryer.  It was great to see the twins practice grasping with these and navigating the pacis to their mouths on their own.  At a year old, the twins now fight over them if only one is present.  The prices totally fluctuate, so shop around.  You could make your own, but if you're short on time (and already exhaused!) these are a life saver.|pos
I love it, everyone in the family loves it, my friends all love it. It's holding up well - made with quality materials. Too funny.|pos
little back up passies. Got them for my brothers new child, and he was very happy to put them to use.|pos
I thought paying over $10 for a pacifier was ridiculous, but Wubbanubs are worth every penny. They help keep the pacifier in place, and my son loves playing with the stuffed animal portion. I believe it helps with his motor skills. The only downside is that my dog thinks it's his chew toy, ha! That is obviously not a fault of the product, though. Good thing it's easy to wash and dry. :) We also have the giraffe and alligator wubbanubs. I think the animals with the longer legs (the giraffe and longhorn) stay in place a bit better because their feet are weighted a bit more, but we love all of them.|pos
My child loved these and they didn't interfere with breastfeeding at all due to the natural shape.  If you are going to do a binky, this is a great first pacifier.  We had such success with them, that I've bought many for other baby showers since then.|pos
My kid has an obsession with pacifiers- will only use mams. If we try others, he freaks out. I like them too.|pos
My girlfriend put this on her baby registry  (she registered for amazon.com) Her baby boy loves them. Its a good/trusted brand too.|pos
I thought paying over $10 for a pacifier was ridiculous, but Wubbanubs are worth every penny. They help keep the pacifier in place, and my son loves playing with the stuffed animal portion. I believe it helps with his motor skills. The only downside is that my dog thinks it's his chew toy, ha! That is obviously not a fault of the product, though. Good thing it's easy to wash and dry. :) We also have the giraffe and longhorn wubbanubs. I think the animals with the longer legs (the giraffe and longhorn) stay in place a bit better because their feet are weighted a bit more, but we love all of them.|pos
Super cute and very convinient.  Hard to lose. My two month old  baby loves it . He loves to play with the dinosaur while he is sucking on the pacifier.  Sometimes he falls asleep holding it.  I love it!!|pos
I have worked in a daycare for over 4 years now in the infant room. We had one child who used this binky and it was awful. Firstly, it was too difficult for the child to hold the binky in his/her mouth due to how heavy it is. Secondly, it is difficult to clean. Usually, we would run the binkies through the sanitizer, but this left the stuffed animal part soggy. Now the child is over three years old and still uses these binkies. The child's teeth are pushed outward so much that it is difficult for the child to speak. It makes me sad that this small item caused so much damage.|neg
Cool gift.Bought for a shower gift for my son.He will love it! Cant wait for him to see it.Funny! Baby will look great!|pos
This is so adorable and my niece absolutely loves it. We had to buy her two since she prefers them to other pacifiers.|pos
Easy to clean. Easy to use. The quality of this product was above my expectations. And the most important thing: my baby likes it.|pos
The smoothie pacifier was priced right and very similar to the ones given at the hospital which Baby really loves.|pos
i bought this pacifier because we spent $10-15 on smoothies in the first two weeks of daycares.  Mutliple babies had the same smoothie, and we never got ours back.  Traditional smoothies are hard to label and hard to catch from being dropped.  These little animals fix all those problems.  We just throught the elephant (smoothie and all) into the washing machine once a week.  I was reluctant to pay this kind of money for a pacifier but it is one of our favorite baby products, and it is most definately the baby's favorite product!  She holds on to it and can find it at night if she looses it!  You could make your own by just sewing a small something to the end of the pacifier but this is the perfect size.  Plus everyone comments on how adorable it is.  We also have the giraffe. personally, i prefer the giraffe.|pos
just like the soothie you get in the hospital but great unique color! love it! Serems strong and durable and long lasting!|pos
These work absolutely wonderful.  My newborn daughter likes to launch hers and somehow get them to land under her bed.  They stay glowing for really long periods of time, which makes them much easier to locate at 2am when she loses hers.  They are the best!!!|pos
Baby didnt like it. Its way too hard for her and she still likes the one for under 3 months.|neg
We live in New Zealand and can't buy this product.<br /><br />I look after babies straight from hospital until they are placed for adoption. They have these pacifiers in the hospital but are unavailable anywhere else. They are a wonderful product and will buy more at a later date.|pos
My son loves these pacifiers, wont use any other... Great to have the stuffed animal on the end for them to hold or play with|pos
After reading an article about just how dirty enclosed pacifiers can get. Just chalk full of mold and other kinds of bacteria I knew I didn't want to use enclosed nipple pacifiers. After the first few days of using a wide nipple pacifier I switched to these. There seemed to be much less nipple confusion for my new baby. They are a little bit harder to hang onto for baby, but I really like these. Everyone loves how you can see their little tongue and lips sucking away~! I also appreciate the cut out for the nose. I don't like the Phillips ones for that reason!|pos
Our baby loves the NUK pacifiers.  These are no exception and they are my favorites because they are SO CUTE in the baby's mouth!|pos
this little pod matches the bag well and does what is expected of it.  nice to have a pacifier handy when needed.|pos
I exclusively breastfeed my 6 week old and we had been having huge problems between latch and gas/colic, my baby was miserable and would cry constantly.  As a last ditch effort I decided to try pumping, but my little one refused to take the medela bottles we had. I found this set at Walmart in white and figured it was worth a try since my son takes the MAM paci. He took the bottle instantly and I've loved them since. Here is my breakdown of pros and cons<br />PROS: - the vented bottle does help with gas, its like I have a whole new baby and we are getting to enjoy the smiles that we love to see! Note: he still has gas but there is a marked change in how he handles it grunts vs. Crying and screaming<br />- the nipple shape is easy for him to use and doesn't seem to bother him switching from the bottle to me when I want him to nurse.<br />-the sterilization feature is awesome! I didn't want to buy one of those bulky sterilizers and I'm busy enough as it is with my family and baby, so 3 minutes in the microwave and done!<br />- super easy to clean! These things come completely apart in 5 larger pieces, it takes no time to clean and I know I didn't miss anything<br />- they are easy to re-assemble, just pop the silicon ring into the base, screw on the body (make sure the threads are right and its tight to prevent leaks) pop nipple into neck then screw onto top! I found these much more user friendly than other anti-colic bottles. Even my beloved Born Free that I used for my first son can't stand up to the MAM.<br />-did I mention they have helped the gas issue?  Because that's the most important part for me :)<br />-I like how much this set comes with for the low price, I should note the pacis are 2+ month so they may be a little big for newborns.<br /><br />CONS:<br />-they can leak, most of the time its user error,  note what I said early about watching the threads, I have done it a few times and accidentally dumped half the bottle on me and the baby, but once I figured out what I was doing wrong I've had no more leaks.  If you are super groggy at night, you may want to have some bottles already put together so you don't have to worry about it.<br />- I wouldn't heat liquid in them. My hubby has with no issues,  but I just don't trust it. Its easier for me to reheat the bottle that I pumped in and pour the liquid into these. Besides the wide bottom doesn't fit in some warmers.<br />-the numbers aren't the easiest to read especially if you care about anything less than 2 ounces.  For me, this hasn't been an issue to cause much concern.<br /><br />Overall I love the bottles, they are cute and more functional than I could hope! Amazon does seem to have the best price,  so I intend to purchase extras here|pos
I bought these for my 4 month old daughter and they have quickly become her favorite and now ONLY pacifiers she will use. Great quality and easy to clean/sterilize.|pos
I love these pacifiers! Both of my boys have used them and I have been very pleased. The glow in the dark feature is very nice for tracking them down in the dark. I will continue to use this. Brand until my boys outgrow them. They hold up very well and are worth every penny.|pos
These are so cute! The pacifier is just like the ones they give out in the hospital! It gives baby a great tactile experience with the soft animal ,and it is also great visual stimulation!|pos
These are great and can be used upside down as well (which I was concerned about when I ordered) though we try not to sport our Cards upside down!|pos
Of the eight of these we have, two are the giraffe. We have used these pacifiers since the day we brought my son home and are so happy with them. He was/is a preemie and in the beginning they were the size of his head- didn't stop him from trying to use them. In fact this is the only type of pacifier my son will take. At eight months he decided he was through with co-sleeping and these have been a lifesaver. If he wakes up he can easily find them in his crib and go right back to sleep. He looks so cute when I go to get him in the mornings. Even if he's not sucking on the plug he's hugging his little friend. :) I just bought another and will probably buy more in the future.<br /><br />If ever there was a perfect baby shower gift this would be it. I think every new Mum should be handed one of these, a swaddling blanket and instructions to put this in their baby's mouth then wrap them into the swaddle with the baby. We've had nothing but good nights since we discovered that little trick!|pos
I have had two children and neither one of my kids have liked or even accepted or taken these kinds of pacifiers. Not the brand just the style. My husband bought these not knowing. (Not having been there during the earliest months of our first.)|neg
they are funny looking teeth that i can add to baby gifts for the next 5 babies born (5 pair). Only issue is they are not indifidually wrapped and probably should be since they are to put in a little baby mouth.  These days clean is pretty at issue.|pos
I've heard great things about these pacifiers. I bought 6 for my cousin's first baby. The come in 3 packages of 2 each.|pos
I love the Wubanub line of binkies! They are so cute and great for helping my little one learn to grab things and they are easy for me to grab too when she drops it. I have a couple of these now and will probably be getting more.|pos
My baby doesn't like pacifiers, my dog hates all dog toys. My baby LOVES these. My dog ate one and loved it. So yeah, totally worth the 5 stars :)|pos
very helpful in between feeding , colors very appealing for our little one, proper shape and satisfying to baby. thanks|pos
I see in the site the color blue and I received pink, and I have a boy. It was a surprise....In the site says color may be vary, but i thought that it could be boy colors, or neutral colors.|neg
I use the small bag for liners that wash separate from cloth when we are out and about. I can also use it to dispose wipes if a trash is not nearby when I change baby, it is very small. The larger bag is adorable, and fit 4 diapers at least with room. Nice quality, and good price.|pos
I was concerned that my 4.5 month old wouldn't like the Soothie pacifier part of the WubbaNub since she hadn't used one, but she likes it as much as her GumDrop pacifiers. She LOVES this paci because it's easier to hold and keep in her mouth. It's the only paci I've ever seen her able to put back in her mouth if it falls out (she has done that 5 times that we know of!) I love the WubbaNub because she looks so darn cute kneading the little kitty as she is sucking the paci.|pos
I wasn't sure what to expect when purchasing these, but they are absolutely fabulous! No more feeling like you're putting chemicals into your child's mouth. I also love how easy they are to wash! The little loop on the end is also quite hady, especially when you're out and about and baby doesn't want the pacifier. Ours have gotten a little darker with time, but they still look as new otherwise. I can't say enough about these! I felt so confident using these and will recommend them to anyone - especially breast feeding mothers as I think these resemble a mother's nipple more than any other ones I've seen! Great product - worth the cost!|pos
I like these pacifiers because they allow more room between my son's chin and his pacifier, so he doesn't end up with chapped skin.|pos
I got it for my friends baby as a silly gift. They loved it! Not cheap and the baby seems comfortable with it|pos
they are adorable.  much more appealing to the onlooker than the traditional plain ones.  just the right size for an infant too.|pos
Now that child #2 is here, we realize the importance of a pacifier. We've used several different brands, but always came back to Nuk. These just seem to fit for us, and can be found in pretty much every brick & mortar if you are in an emergency. Enjoy the sports theme, essentially 2 pacifiers for each season. Your kid will look cool in his NFL onesie and football pacifier.|pos
This is our second of this one so we have it for home and daycare. My daughter never took a paci but she liked to hold the lamb and now that she's teething she chews on the pacifier.  It's her favorite toy.|pos
My son is still using them as teethers...they soothed him when he needed it. He just didn't use them for long..as I said earlier, they are not being used by him as teethers. They are bright and attract him easily and are hard enough that he feels good about chomping on them.|pos
Bought these for my little one and when we brought her home from the hospital I tried giving her this binkie but she spit it out so we continued to use the Avent Soothie. Now that she's 1month old I tried giving her this binkie and she loves it.<br />I like the fact that it doesn't come out her mouth so easily and the hard plastic around it doesn't hug her mouth like others leaving marks.<br />Also they each come with their own protector case.|pos
My daughter really likes this. I was afraid it would be heavy but she is able to keep it in her mouth well and she holds onto the toy. It's really cute. She is 9 weeks old and it is a lifesaver when she wants to nurse but it isn't time.|pos
We got some great pictures with this pacifier.  My son enjoys sucking on it.  you can sterilize in boiling water which is great. It is very sturdy - my son likes to chew on the outside of pacifiers too and this one has held up.|pos
Super cute! However, I thought I would be getting yellow and they sent me blue but I dont care becuase the blue ones are just as cute!|pos
I was so excited to get this. My baby is now 3 months old and starting to reach for and hold things so I thought it was going to be perfect. When I took it out of the box I WAS SHOCKED at how tiny it is. The pictures made it seem so big, but then I realized that the pictures were of newborns, not a baby that is actually interested in holding the animal. Not only is the animal tiny but the pacifier is so small too! Waste of money.|neg
I was so excited to get this. My baby is now 3 months old and starting to reach for and hold things so I thought it was going to be perfect. When I took it out of the box I WAS SHOCKED at how tiny it is. The pictures made it seem so big, but then I realized that the pictures were of newborns, not a baby that is actually interested in holding the animal. Not only is the animal tiny but the pacifier is so small too! Waste of money.|neg
Bought  this for my nephew.  He loves it!!! He loves all wubbanubs.  They are also easier to keep track of than regular passifiers.|pos
Amazing baby item. Our 7-month-old loves it and smiles at his froggy each time he gets into his car seat! He can fully entertain himself swapping the pacifiers back and forth, cooing and laughing. It's wonderful for the car when I cannot be back there with him. It's the handiest product we have ever purchased in five kids!|pos
I bought this as a gift for my friend. When she asked me to look for a binky with a mustash i looked at her like she was crazy. When i recieved the package I LOVED it. Its so cute and i just hope her little one will love it. :)|pos
my daughter loves this she would only take this one she loved that she could hold it also its great for busy moms that cant keep putting in in and out of there mouth they love it bc they can hold it with there little hand and its soft to the only thing i could never figure out how to wash the caterpiller its self tho.|pos
Love these wipes & love that there's more than 36 in a pack. My in laws keep the baby while I'm at work & they tend to use several in a day. Haven't run out yet & it's been at least a month since they arrived & we've hardly used any at all, so it seems.|pos
Perfect solution to finding a pacifier in the middle of the night.  I started putting it into the crib with my then 8 month old.  He didn't really pick up that it had a pacifier on it for a good 2 weeks or so.  Now it stays in the crib and when he wakes in the night for his paci, he knows to grab the bear.  Perfect solution.|pos
This is one of those baby products that you use EVERYDAY! This is our 3rd wubbanub and my 6 month old loves it. It has different textures that he loves to feel and when he is not sucking on the pacifier, he is chewing on the monkey's legs. We LOVE wubbanubs-this one is just adorable.|pos
really cute for adding little suzy's zoo to your baby collection of things. will order more as needed to then.|pos
so handy.  i bought two for a shower gift and the new mom uses them all the time.  you always know where the binky is and it stays clean.  very good idea.|pos
My daughter loved her newborn soothie, but after reading about the dangers of babies choking on them (the material is flimsy enough to bend them in half and shove in a mouth) I didn't want her to have the newborn one anymore.  She was four or five months when we switched and she did NOT like these.  They are more firm and heavier. They would fall out of her mouth and she refused to use them.  I looked everywhere online to find out if most infants have a  hard the adjusting to them and couldn't find any info.  Just wanted to come back and say it took two or three days of using the new ones but she completely adjusted and loves these 3month+ soothies.  I feel better knowing that she is safe with them.  Also they are sturdy enough to teethe on. Hopefully this will give others some hope that even if your child hates them at first, they can grow to love them.|pos
Our son had no interested in any pacifier we tried to give him. My wife had used AVENT pacifiers with some of her daycare kids, so we decided to give them a try with our son. They were perfect for him and now e have purchased more for our soon to be daughter.|pos
This item was on my baby registry and a friend bought the 0-3 month SOOTHIE pacifier for me.  That's what my baby likes, so I decided to order another set.  I went back to the same page that was linked to from my registry and I again ordered the 0-3 month Soothie pacifier (Amazon even said on the page that this was a repeat order from my registry).  However, I was sent the 3+ months SUPER SOOTHIE.  I just went back to look at the page and it is definitely for the 0-3 month Soothie.  There must be something messed up with Amazon's ordering system because when I click on the link to read and write reviews, it then says 3+ months, but then when I click on the link to go back to the item page, it goes back to saying 0-3 months.  Make sure when you put this in your cart that you are ordering the correct product.  I am going to return these and then go buy the pacifiers I want from a brick and mortar store so that I know I'm getting what I want.  This was very disappointing.|neg
What a great gift these baby pacifiers have made.  I just had to have a few to send to my good friends.|pos
im so glad these were available on amazon!!<br />they are the only ones that my kids take.  make naptime and bedtime so much easier!!|pos
My son (between birth and 1 year) and now my infant both had/have only used this brand.  I have tried others, but they only like this kind.|pos
My daughter kept spitting out her binky and would cry after a few moments without it.  The wubbanub helps the binky to stay in her mouth, and she loves cuddling with the little lamb.  Awesome product!|pos
very good quality and it looks adorable. it would make a lovely gift, my son's pictures turned out so cute with this pacifier and the style is a little different .|pos
Love these. Best paci. Every child is different so you have to find what works for them. My daughter was breastfeed so this shape being most like the breast worked for her, Iv tried the gumdrops by this brand which supposed to be the same but she wont touch them. I also got a different brand just like this and she spit them out. Babies know what they like.|pos
After trying 8 other types of pacifiers (all of which my now 4 week old breastfed baby tearfully HATED) I desperately went looking for something truly different. I ordered these despite the cost. They just arrived an hour ago and even though she's still figuring it out, she's napping now after putting herself to sleep with it.  Thank you!!|pos
My daughter absolutely adores her wubbas and we cannot leave home w/out them!!  I always take a few for our car trips anywhere as they're soooo much easier to find and hand her, the paci's by themselves require pulling the car over, as well as hunting for them everywhere.  So happy to have found this product!!|pos
Bought this for my six month old and she loves it. She carries the turtle around as her favorite stuffed animal and when she's tired she pops the pacifier in her mouth and pets her turtle til she falls asleep. All other pacifiers don't compare. Worth every penny for the joy it brings my little girl and the quiet it brings mommy :-)|pos
Each baby is different, so I had to try many pacifiers to find some she liked.  Ultimately she liked the ones with the angled nipple.  I especially love that this came with a cover to keep it clean when I need to throw a spare in the diaper bag.|pos
Each baby is different, so I had to try many pacifiers to find some she liked.  Ultimately she liked the ones with the angled nipple.|pos
How true it is!  A big hit as an extra little gift at a baby shower!  Gave everyone a laugh.  Plus it's useful!|pos
I love them , just what I expected, good quality for the price, can be used on any straw so no need to wash straws this is great|pos
The only person who's opinion matters would probably give this 3 stars because it is not the duck WubbaNub, but your little one may think otherwise.|pos
Our daughter will not go to sleep without it. I have bought three of them. This is because she pulls the pacifier off the elephant. Other than that, it is a great product.|pos
These are my baby's favorite pacifiers. They are good quality, good price, are super cute and come in a nice little case great for my diaper bag.|pos
The picture doesn't do it justice. This is the cutest!  It has flowers on the belly. These are the best pacifiers because they stay in their mouth. These are a must have for new moms.|pos
Basically get one free when buying these through amazon, our baby wants nothing to do with most pacifiers except for this style, so we like to keep a bit of a stock pile and for this price it's not too bad|pos
I love these pacifiers. My daughter started using other pacifiers that would touch her cheeks. She had such sensitive skin that she would get rashes from them. So I thought I would try these and LOVED them. They stay off her cheeks and I loved that they would flex like a nipple. She loved them and they look really cute. The only problem is that you have to order them from online because they are not sold in stores anymore. I would order these again for my future kids.|pos
She loves it. The monkey helps to not lose the paci, she loves her little monkey friend. Would buy for someone else.|pos
I bought this as a gift for my friend for her baby shower. As of yet, the baby has not been born, so I don't know how it is rated as a pacifier. But it is ADORABLE!!!!|pos
I wish I knew about these 3 months ago! This helps keep the binky in his mouth. No more getting up 100 times a night to help him get it back in. Great product. We also bought an elephant, but the giraffe works way better. The elephant doesn't stay in as well. Great buy!!|pos
I have retired all of our non-Wubbanub pacifiers since my son prefers these so much! They can get a little grungy from being chewed and drooled on, but I just send them through the washing machine. They are very good quality and look brand new when they come out.|pos
I bought 3 for my baby boy and want them all now! It really helped him learn how to put his paci in his mouth and its so adorable when he cuddles with it! Recommend!!|pos
My grandson thinks it is the most wonderful thing in the world, and gets so excited to have it.  So, I love it!|pos
for some reason our daugter prefers the orthodontic shape and it stays in her mouth better (less spitting out).  Most other orthodontic shaped pacifiers aer made of hard plastic this one is soft/rubbery so it doesnt leave the uncomfortable looking indentation on her face.|pos
When my baby wakes up hungry or need to change it and she cries a lot, this is the one that makes it easy.|pos
This one is awesome ... helps big time with upset baby.. easy to keep in car or carriage and dont loose easy because of attachment|pos
When I received the package, it was neither wrapped in the original packaging nor wrapped in plastic. It was in a shipping envelope, no shipping popcorn, no shipping bubble wrap, nothing. After viewing the pacifier, it appeared as if it were used. There were scuff marks that clearly could not have come from the shipping envelope. I threw it in the trash immediately. Even if it were in plastic (not the original packaging), I would have tossed it. There's no way in the world I would have put this used looking pacifier in my babys' mouth.|neg
The giraffe with it's long neck seems to be the easiest for my baby to manipulate. She loves to have a pal to hold on to when she sleeps.  The shipping and price were competitive. I have no complaints.|pos
Great quality for the price! Every Red Sox fan with a baby should own these cute pacifiers! Would purchase again.|pos
It's well-made and gets a ton of double-takes and compliments. My baby is always the hit of the party... and he has no idea why :-)|pos
My daughter will not use any other pacifier.  They are durable and I love that they came in pink and purple.|pos
Avent really is a great Brand! Love the styles, everything I wanted! Great buy! The only thing I don't like is that you don't get to choose the styles|pos
Gift to expecting mother who is doing giraffe theme.  She loved it.  It was exactly what she wanted and was very pleased.|pos
My grandson looks so silly in these teeth.  so funny...Great gift as a joke or for Halloween, or just for fun...|pos
My little guy loves this pacifier very much.  It's nice because he had hang onto it too.  The ducky is super cute!|pos
got this as an additional baby shower gift for a friend. I, myself, love it. would def get my baby one when that time comes!|pos
It's a cool idea...But, the darn thing keeps closing when it's in the baby's mouth.<br />Better off getting a bunch of cheap pacifiers so you always have back-up when they fall on the floor and you're not near a sink.|neg
They are perfect for little hands to hold and when the kids have outgrown the pacifier, they can still play with the animals.|pos
My Godson love his WubbaNub Brown Puppy. He's just now learning how to hold his own bottle, hold things, and he is now interested in playing with toys. This is the perfect gift for babies who are just now starting to grab and hold things and if they are teething. My Godson never lets his WubbaNub Brown Puppy Go. Get one now!|pos
We love this binky!  Our son loves the rounded tip, no nipple confusion and we dont have to worry about the quality of material he is putting in his mouth.|pos
Pros:<br />*Cute, I get comments from people all the time on how neat/cute it is<br />*Easier to find in moment of screaming baby panic than a traditional pacifier<br />*Stuffed animal makes it easier for baby to hold<br />*Ability to tuck stuffed animal into straps of car seat to keep in place for baby<br /><br />Cons:<br />*Pacifier doesn't attach, so you must wash the whole thing or wash just the pacifier part very carefully.|pos
We were losing binkies left and right, and they were the best way for my little girl to fall asleep. Cue this reasonably-priced 6-pack of her favorite style! They are very much like the green ones she was given while in the NICU, just a little bit thicker (being the 4+ month version). She doesn't seem to show any favoritism between the green newborn ones and these pink 4+ month-ers.|pos
Would recommend to anyone!  Keeps the pacifier from instantly landing on the floor and bouncing around when baby lets go.  My baby is also able to get it back in her mouth sometimes on own!  Great product!  Only complaint is that it's harder to clean (obviously) than usual pacifier.|pos
My daughter loves her Buddy as she calls it! We never leave home without him! This is actually one I bought For my second daughter because my first loves hers so much! She had seen my daughter's and asked about it for her newborn. I highly recommend these! They're cute and pretty easy to keep up with! My daughter likes to rub hers as she falls asleep.|pos
My daughter loves her Buddy as she calls it! We never leave home without him! It his is actually one I bought as a gift for a friend! She had seen my daughter's and asked about it for her newborn. I highly recommend these! They're cute and pretty easy to keep up with! My daughter likes to rub hers as she falls asleep.|pos
We purchased more for a filler for a zebra themed diaper cake and recipient loved it so much.  Super cute and fun.|pos
I BOUGHT THIS PACIFIER FOR LOVELT DAUGHTER IT WORKS AND IS A GREAT PACIFIER FOR ANYONE WITH A NEW BABY.|pos
My grandson lost his &#34;monkey&#34; and we needed to get one fast as the stores were sold out.  He loves &#34;monkey&#34; because he can hold onto it while he uses the pacifier. Great idea.|pos
I am very pleased with this sweet little binky buddy, and so is my baby girl. She has 3 wubbanubs, and Jasmine Giraffe is by far the cutest.|pos
I love this product and would recommend this to everyone.  The price is so much less and comes in fast.  Our family loves this product and use it often!|pos
This was perfect for our little guy. They are just like the pacifiers in the hospital. Smells like vanilla! Very calming and easy to use.|pos
We bought every cute pacifier under the sun for our daughter but she will only take the First Years GunDrops. Good thing they come in a bunch of colors and we just accessorize with paci straps. This six pack is a total steal and now we don't have to worry that we'll ever find outselves without one in case the dog eats one or one gets left at grandmas or whatever just seems to happen with babies and pacifiers. Do yourself a favor and get a bunch to have on  hand!|pos
This was a big hit at the baby shower!  Everyone could relate.  I would recommend it as a fun shower gift.|pos
Parents, if your baby likes to put their hands by their face and move their arms a lot, this probably won't work. My son pushes binkibear away and the pacifier falls out.|neg
I got this bc I wanted to keep my baby's pacifier on hand just incase she wanted it. I keep it hanging on my diaper bag so I always know where it is and never leave the house without it. I was able to fit 4 small pacifiers 0-3 months ones, I'm sure ill be able to fit less as she gets older n they get bigger.|pos
These were the only pacifiers my daughter could use because she was so tiny when she was born! The traditional pacifiers have such a wide nipple that it wouldn't fit in her mouth! Perfectly pink. Will definitely use with all my future children too!|pos
Just the cutest thing and the baby took to it well. Easy to find with little animal attached to it.|pos
Easy to find in carseat while driving! And easy for them to find in crib in the middle of the night!|pos
THIS PACIFIER IS VERY FUNNY LOOKING. EVERYONE WHO HAS SEEN IT THINKS ITS THE COOLEST THING EVER. PRICE IS DECENT TOO|pos
Bought this for my grandson who's due next month. His mommy wanted an Alabama themed nursery and this fit in well with the bedding set I bought on Amazon. It's cute, looks sturdy enough and has the type of pacifiers we wanted to use,|pos
the product is exactly as shown and described on the site. I'm sure my baby boy will enjoy it once he is born : )|pos
perfect size, holds two nuk pacifiers and it saves a great deal of time and frustration when needing to grab a paci real quick. The snap isn't too hard and the material is nice.  It can easily be wiped down with a damp cloth to clean.|pos
I thought the pacifier part would not be appealing since, my daughter hates every pacifier. She loves it! She snuggles with the frog at night even if she is not using the pacifier|pos
These are the only paci's that our baby girl will take.  Everything else she spits out of her mouth pretty much immediately.  I'm not sure if it's the shape of the nipple (or what) but she loves them.  We also bought MAM bottles after finding out she loves the pacifiers so much.  The nipple for the bottle is the same as the pacifier. Plus the bottles are anti-gas/anti-colic bottles that allow air to release from the bottom.  They are great at keeping our baby from swallowing air and making her gas even worse.|pos
I like this pacifier because the stuffed animal makes it extremely easy for infants to grab. This is the second one I've bought.|pos
Good quality product and very very cute and snuggly. Could also cute the giraffe off the nuk when you are phasing them out which may stop some tantrums|pos
CUTE FUN AND GOT LOTS OF AWWWs at the BABY SHOWER. I put pink bows around froggie's neck and made it perfect for a little girl baby who's mom decorated her room in green and pink!|pos
Creative!  I have given quite a few of these pacifiers as gifts.  It's so cute how little ones can hold on to these.|pos
No more lost paci!  It is also more difficult for it to fall out of her mouth.  Now that she is a little older, she loves to rub it and snuggle it.|pos
we love these pacifiers.  Can never have enough of them.  The six pack makes it a little easier to always have a clean one.|pos
One of the cutest pacifiers out there.  Have bought quite a few of the Wubbanub pacifiers and they are high quality, durable and everyone I have given one to loves them.|pos
I got it for my new nephew who has it at all times. It was recommended by my cousins whose son and daughter were big fans with it.|pos
Have twin 5 month old boys and this pacifier is the best in aiding us in distinguishing whose is whose and best of all...it's hard to lose! It's also easy for the boys to hold which is great since they are just now grasping with their hands and discovering textures.|pos
It's great because she can hold onto it which means its less likely to fall, so no more dirty pacifiers!|pos
Have twin 5 month old boys and this pacifier is the best in aiding us in distinguishing whose is whose and best of all...it's hard to lose! It's also easy for the boys to hold which is great since they are just now grasping with their hands and discovering textures.|pos
Have twin 5 month old boys and this pacifier is the best in aiding us in distinguishing whose is whose and best of all...it's hard to lose! It's also easy for the boys to hold which is great since they are just now grasping with their hands and discovering textures.|pos
This is the brand the hospital gave us. Also, it is the only paci that my newborn will take (if he decides to take one at that moment lol).<br />Very easy to clean, so far very durable. Would definitely recommend.|pos
Bought these for a baby shower. Couple went to South Carolina and are expecting their first child.  These are great and are being sent to a baby shower in California.|pos
This is one of the best inventions ever. It pacifies the baby as well as giving him something to hang on to.|pos
I can never have enough of these on hand. I keep four of them around for my twins. I love that they help stay put with infants and they additionally seem to be soothing and give them something to grab on to. Also a lot harder to lose, and a lot easier to find in a diaper bag full of stuff! A must have for a shower gift.|pos
Can't wait to see a little baby with this in their mouth. It looks just like the picture and it will be a fun shower gift.|pos
These are the best binkis around.  My daughter is breast fed exclusively and she has been taking these binks since she was about two months and has never wanted any other kind. We have tons of them now and they clean easily. We bought a cheap clevamama microwave sterilizer for binks from this site and they fit right on the branches inside it and clean up beautifully.|pos
These are great.  I purchased two, because you never know when you might need to bring one with you.  We use Soothies for pacifiers, which EASILY collect pet dander or anything else on the floor.  These cases are great because I can pop the Soothie in there and throw it into my purse or my daughter's diaper bag.|pos
i ordered this along with other items on my daughter!s baby registry.  it does just what it says, it soothes, great product and comes two in a package, just in case one gets misplaced!|pos
This product arrived promptly and my 1 month old has loved it ever since.  It is much easier to keep up with this paci with the giraffe attached!  We use it during the day when he is being supervised.  I read reviews about people letting their kids sleep with them but I am too scared.  I worry he will try to eat the giraffe or something (I'm probably being ridiculous).  Anyway, great product and SO CUTE.|pos
Really liked the item. It is very simple to attach to any bags or purses and take with me anywhere.|pos
The billy bob two front teeth pacifier, arrived and is a great gift! It was a hit at the baby shower!|pos
It is nice and deep so pacifier won't fall out even if the Velcro is not closed. Light weight, also due to Velcro. Fit around any diaper bag strap or a belt loop.|pos
this is the second one of these I am buying because my son loves it so much! I had to replace the first one because I washed it one too many times and the pacifier came off. He was not happy about that... so on to number two!|pos
My grand daughter loves this pacifier, it really cute you can't loose it with the animal on there.  Good item for kids.|pos
Perfect. Quick shipment. Product just as described. If you intend to use a pacifier for your baby these are a must have!!!|pos
My son has two Wubbanubs that we love. So I bought this for a friend for her little girl. It is absolutely adorable!!|pos
My granddaughter loves to hold her wubbanub and so does my daughter...who can find this pacifier one handed in a deep diaper bag. Shipped quickly.|pos
I guess these are safer because they're made of just a single piece of plastic / rubber / gum. My newborn seems to like them.|pos
We love these vanilla scented pacifiers. When my first son was born, he would only take the scented ones. He loved them but so did the dogs. I'm so glad I found them on Amazon now and I don't need to beg the hospital for extras. They are durable, easy to wash and the scent doesn't wear out.|pos
I ordered this product thinking it was really cute and my baby would be able to use it when he was a little older and capable of grasping objects. After talking to my sister about it she let me know that it was used in the NICU and the nurses would stuff the animals down the onsies to help keep the pacifiers in the babies mouths. I've since been doing this and it works like a charm. My little one will continually spit out his binkie and then is unhappy because it is no longer in his mouth. When I put this monkey in his onsie he can go slack jaw and the binkie stays put in his mouth so that when he wants it again it is still there. I would recommend this item to everyone with a baby who likes to suck on pacifiers.|pos
I love every thing about this pacifier! Doesn't look like it's made cheap either...the mustache has grooves in it to make it look more like real hair!! AWESOME!|pos
This was a gift I bought for a baby shower. I have Wubbanub's for my daughter and she loves them. They are easy to clean.|pos
This is such a cute idea. I spent the first months of motherhood looking for an ON/OFF button. This is great!|pos
Very easy for my little guy to hold in place and very<br />Cute.  I love these products.  Have loved all the ones<br />I ordered thus far.|pos
Go these for some friends (Carinal fans) they seem to not like it i love it! Excellent product keep it up.|pos
My daughter loves all her wubbanubs. I bought 4, 'cause she doesn't accept any other pacifier. The blue bear is really cute and babies love vibrant colors.|pos
love this bought it for a baby shower very cute just wished they had a tan and black pig for boy or girl|pos
thank you for your fast and friendly  serves.the game was really fun to play. It is a grate game for people to get to know one another|pos
i was a little surprised when i received this in the mail of how small it really is.  they look so big when the babies are holding them.  it is absolutely adorable though!  soft and nice and light so the babies won't have a problem hanging on to them.|pos
I used at a house party and the conversation they started got me laid 3 times. may just be the confidence the stache brings out in you though|pos
We haven't had this product very long, and my kid isn't one of those that needs a pacifier all the time. Still, I ordered this product hoping that it would help him keep it in his mouth when he fell asleep with it. It's pretty good at that - but also, it's soft and fun to look at and even though we've only had it a week or so, my son will grasp it and try to get the pacifier back in his mouth. It seems to comfort him, and that's good enough for me!|pos
My daughter loves all her wubbanubs. I bought 4, 'cause she doesn't accept any other pacifier. The Yellow Duck is her favourite! I guess she likes the colors. It's my favourite too, so cute!|pos
Bought this for my son when he was born. The animal was a little small so it didnt quite keep the pacifier in place, but for the price it was great!|pos
I used these pacifiers with my daughter, in blue and teal. So when I saw the same image on amazon, I didn't read the color disclaimer or negative reviews based on getting pink pacifiers. I didn't even know they came in pink. I now have a baby boy and won't be using a pink pacifier for him. And no exchanges based on color are allowed. The product is awesome! The inability to return is why I'm doing 1-star.|neg
We love our moo cow!!  It's even cuter in person- if you can believe that!  These wubanubs are GENIUS!  I went from losing EVERY pacifier to holding on to TWO!  Plus, it's a nice toy as well! :)|pos
My daughter got this pacifier from the hospital and loves it. So I ordered spares for the diaper bag and around the house. Excellent product.|pos
Amazin product great great great my kid love them they have good material and safe for babys... I would love them in another color like clear because is unisex|pos
I tried the soothie first since that's the one my baby had at the hospital and I had heard great things about it but my baby didn't like it at all. Then I went to the MAM and he took it the first time! I bought the newborn size at first and whwn he turned 6 weeks I bought the 0-6 months, but I have a big baby, weighed 8 lbs when born. So a smaller newborn would probably need the neqborn size longer. The only thing I didn't like is that there is no handle or anything so its hard to grab sometimes.|pos
Love these!  They're great to have on hand when you're out somewhere and baby drops the pacifier!  We use them all the time.|pos
this product is so original! my baby tried so many pacifiers before, but this definitely is his favorite! Love it!|pos
Bought this for a shower present and I almost kept it in hopes of another grandbaby! These are loved by everyone that received them and the animals become the children's lovie far beyond the nuk years.|pos
I love this little pacifier bag! Keeps extra binkies handy and CLEAN! What a relief when you have your hands full and a crying baby to have the binky right there! Highly recommend!|pos
As soon as my 5 month old daughter sat down with her PullyPal, she immediately knew to reach and grab for her passy. This actually taught her how to put her passy in her mouth. This not only allows her to choose which passy she wants, but also keeps them clean. Thank you for creating PullyPalz and teaching my daughter to retrieve her own passy. This is an excellent developmental teaching tool for all babies! #verydurable #cutetolookat #finemotordevelopment #handeyecoordination #amusthave|pos
My baby boy loves them and the sports are so cute. We got baseball and soccer.  They look great and be uses them a lot|pos
I love this baby product!  My son loves his WubbaNub and at 7 months can easily put this back in his mouth which helps with self soothing.  These make the perfect baby shower gift.<br /><br />Note:  You can't removed the binkie from the stuffed animal.  To clean, just put in the wash and let air dry.  It took me a bunch of searching to figure this out.  My husband has actually sent them through the dryer a couple times without any damage too.|pos
I was hesitant to buy this for a LOONG time, and finally bit the bullet when my son was already 9 months old, and we were sick of looking for dropped soothie pacifiers and buying replacement pacifiers.  I wish I bought this from the beginning!  When he sleeps at night, he easily feels for it with his eyes closed, and unconsciously slips it back in his mouth...makes for longer naps!!!  ALWAYS a good thing!  GREAT BABY SHOWER GIFT!|pos
Why didn't I think of this? When swaddled, our little one will turn her head side to side and the soother will fall out. This keeps it on her chest so that she can find it again, versus it falling to the crib mattress.|pos
The cow is adorable. My daughter does not take a pacifier, I was hoping she would use this one but she just chews on it. But I have nothing bad to say about the product.|pos
My grandson just loves these pacifiers, and so do his parents and I. They don't get lost easily like the single ones and everyone wants to know where we got them. I have ordered many of these as they do eventually get raggedy and worn, or occasionally we do lose one, and have never been disappointed. Price may seem high but we feel they are definitely worth it. The items wash well, and there are many designs to choose from. We seem to prefer the giraffe because the long neck just seems to work better than a puppy or dinosaur, etc. Highly recommend these.|pos
It is very inaccurate. I used it for a body temperature and it read 97.9... My son was actually 101.5. I t always reads 97.9 for his temperature and my temperature. The surface temperature is also way off. The only one that is the most accurate is the room temperature. If I had the package it came in, I would return it...|neg
It didn't exist for my first child, what a shame! This is a great idea, well executed. My son has had this one and the lamb one for 16 months now and they're still fine!|pos
Item was part of a baby shower gift. Recipient loved it. Will order again in the future for additional gifts.|pos
The pic showed blue so I was expecting blue or neutral colors and pink pacifiers arrived. Great product just disappointed in the limitation in choosing colors.|neg
These are great for every little Bulldogs fan out there! I definitely recommend them! Love these! They are so cute!|pos
Great quality product. Not only is it great for soothing baby as a pacifier, but the mustache serves as a teether for my son.|pos
The bear is very large and does not fit a soothie. Wubbanub is a better option if your child uses a soothie.|neg
love this, the small stuffed animal helps paci stay in place and acts as a toy and a soother all in one.|pos
These are my favorite pacifiers because unlike the advent ones they don't seem to fall out of the baby's mouth as easily. Plus now that he is teething he chews on them! I order a new set every 6 weeks (that's the recommended time for replacement by the doctor) so that I can have one in the crib, one in the car seat, one in the play pen, one in the pack n play, a couple in the diaper bag... well you get the idea ;)|pos
My daughter only uses a binky to sleep or calm herself since birth (and now still at 6mos).  She was always dropping them and we had to put one back in her hand or mouth, constantly!  We tried straps too which helped us find the binky but was no use for her.  We also didnt want to put her in the crib with anything with straps/clips on it to avoid various hazards there.  Then we found the wubbanub and it has exceeded our expectations.  With the wubbanub she can find and grab the body without our intervention and she loves the characters.  We have the giraffe and frog and she loves looking at the faces and then puts the pacifier, head or one of the legs in her mouth (sometimes all at the same time).  We wash it regularly and don't leave the house without it.  We have lots of cute photos too with an animal hanging out of her mouth :-)  Only improvement would be to offer a version with replaceable binkies or at least an option for the 3+ month stronger plastic.  Weve had both for 4 months and no visible wear and bodies are still solidly stitched.|pos
Our daughter has used this style since she was born and really likes it. This 6 pack is perfect now that she's gotten a little older. We plan on weening her off when she gets around 1 like we did with our first. Until then, these are our number one choice|pos
Keeps the binky in sight which I ended up Liking the most. Babies can also easily hold on to this really easily. And I truly believe that Wubbanub helped with my son grabbing things on his own.|pos
I got this because my daughter loves turtles and her son already has a bear one. It is easy to locate and easy for my grandson to pick up and put right in his mouth. I would recommend this to anyone that has a baby.|pos
Not only is this pacifier hilarious, but it is also high quality and not some cheaply made novelty item. Well worth the purchase.|pos
Only pacifier my NB would take. Perfect fit for his mouth. Ended up ordering more , you can never have enough.|pos
Our son loved his WubbaNub! He just recently gave up the pacifier, but up til now, he looked forward to going to bed each night so he could spend time with his WubbaNub. It helped him find his pacifier at night so we didn't have to go into his room and find it for him, and it works like a stuffed animal too, giving him comfort from the personality of the animal. If our second son, born recently, desires a pacifier as well, we'll be getting him a WubbaNub as well.|pos
good price. had to buy as our daughters puppy keep getting ahold of these and ate them. guess he thought was his. lol  Good quality for the money|pos
Our son loved his WubbaNub! He just recently gave up the pacifier, but up til now, he looked forward to going to bed each night so he could spend time with his WubbaNub. It helped him find his pacifier at night so we didn't have to go into his room and find it for him, and it works like a stuffed animal too, giving him comfort from the personality of the animal. If our second son, born recently, desires a pacifier as well, we'll be getting him a WubbaNub as well.|pos
I love this item! It makes keeping up with it much easier! My son likes something to hold on to also!|pos
glad i got this.  i fit two nuk pacifiers in this for my son.  i throw it in my diaper bag and it's easy to find because of the nice red color.|pos
Tried several others.  A friend recommended these.  This is the only pacifier my son would except when he was a newborn.|pos
My grandson loves this so much I ordered a spare.  He loves to hold the giraffe and it is just the right size for his little hands.|pos
There's nothing fancy about these, but they do what they are meant to! We attach them to a variety of our son's toys and then to the carseat, stroller, or shopping cart and we aren't losing things along the way! Great solution!|pos
My daughter loves these things and I'm having trouble breaking her of them at 2+ years old, but the new baby hates them and won't take a pacifier.  I still think they're the best pacifiers on the market (even if he won't take one).  They always helped my daughter to keep her mouth flanged out... then it was easier for her not to &#34;clamp down&#34; on me when breastfeeding.|pos
Bought for my new nephew and its everyone's favorite. Came on time and its just a normal pacifier with a funny saying.|pos
We ordered this for our son's first birthday party coming up and it's so funny!  He likes pacifiers and this one isn't too different in feel from the one's he has, so he uses it.|pos
I purchased this as a gift for my friend who is having a baby, my daughter loves hers and it is part of our nap/bedtime routine. It also makes it much easier to find in the carseat while in the car. Washing is easy, we just put it in a pillow case and run it in the washing machine then let it air dry. Never leave the house without it :)|pos
This was on their registry...I was a little concerned about it being removed from the registry after I purchased it because I'd had issues with that in the past (Not through Amazon!), but it was promptly removed. Can't wait to give it to the mom-to be!|pos
I bought these pacifiers because they're so popular and everyone raves about them. As soon as I opened the package, I noticed a smell. I looked at the package (which was already open, so too late to return) and it said they were vanilla scented to appeal to babies. Yuck! They smell awful. Plus who knows what chemicals were used to make plastic smell like fake vanilla. I will not give these to my baby.|neg
This is so cute. I got it for my future Grand son that turned out to be a girl! But it still looks cute. Thank goodness they don't make these in adult size as I'm sure the whole family would get them for funny family pictures!|pos
I bought this for my son before he was even born. Once he was here he loved it. I liked it because in the middle of the night it is much easier to find a pacifier attached to a monkey than one that is all by itself. Now that he is 10 months old he doesn't really suck on the pacifier as much as he likes to cuddle with the monkey. I think this will make it easier to take the pacifier away. One suggestion that I have is buy two..lol.. when my son started teething and drooling the monkey got pretty gross and smelly, and if your kid likes it as much as mine it is kinda hard to put in the laundry for a couple of hours. I have put it in the washer and dryer many times and it is still good as new.|pos
Not only is she a fan of the soothie pacifier, but she also likes the frog attached to it.  It gives her something additional to play with!|pos
Philips AVENT BPA Pacifier are very quality products. High quality products. my 9 months old daughter plays with it too, like a toy.|pos
great item. keeps baby entertained. when she lost the first one had to get a new one would not stop crying if she didnt get it|pos
It took our baby girl a long time until she can actually hold the frog (we named him Freddie the Frog). But now at 6 months old she can pick it up and put it in her mouth easily. She also enjoys sucking on the frog's arms and legs.<br /><br />Quality is great and none of them are falling apart. One stays in the car seat, one stays in the crib, and one makes its way around the house or in the diaper bag as a back-up.|pos
My son has always hated pacifiers, but this one had to be the worst I've tried so far. Its not soft and rubbery. It's actually pretty hard. My son did not tolerate it whatsoever like he did for other pacifiers. Plus he didn't like the fact that it has a bent nipple. I was dumb to think he'd actually like it when a mother's nipple as well as bottle nipples have a full form. Which my son preferred. Avent soothie was definitely better.|neg
This was the only pacifier my son would take for the first few months of his life, and now he loves the stuffed part and keeps it as a &#34;lovie or chewie&#34; at night. Although he doesn't normally take pacifiers, so having one he liked was great.|pos
My boy loves it like it was a stuffed animal he would normally want to sleep with.  its a great idea.|pos
My baby was given a Soothie brand pacifier in the NICU so we stayed with it when we got home. This giraffe is great! When he spits it out we don't lose it, and it's so easy to find in the middle of the night. The giraffe is even better than his dinosaur version as it is a little smaller and he can easily grab the neck to keep hold of it. I'll be buying these as gifts.|pos
This is one of the best items I have purchased for my baby. Super cute and it prevents the whole spitting out the soothie and it bounces into hiding problem. I will buy one of these for anyone I know having a baby from now on!|pos
I love this pacifier My son already lost two pacifier because i can not find a pacifier holder where I live so I brought Wubbanub pacifier so i don't lose it my son love it.  I receive this product on time Thank you|pos
My boy loves it like it was a stuffed animal he would normally want to sleep with.  its a great idea.|pos
No more losing the pacifier when it is attached to a cute puppy. Easy for tiny hands to hold on to and put back in to their mouth.|pos
This pacifier was everything we expected!  I love the way the baby can hold it and is comforted. We highly recommend it.|pos
I bought this pacifier to replace the puppy one we had that was lost.  I was excited when I saw that there was an alligator to chose from I had to get it since my son's room theme was baby alligator's.  This product &#34;Wubanub&#34; is a great product.  It is very durable and you are able to wash it easily in the wash!!|pos
My 3 month old loves mam binkis, and is very gassy/ has colic. And I have tried many bottles. After buying these my search is over! Love them. She isn't nearly as gassy and doesn't spit up as much! Plus they form to her mouth leaving less of a formula mess!! Love love love them! And sense most states don't sell them I was glad amazon did when I went on vacation... Highly recommended for fussy, gassy babies with colic :)|pos
I received this as a gift from a friend and lost it when we were out walking in the neighborhood!  My son loves his &#34;puppy&#34; and called out to it.  I scrambled to find it to replace it and found it on here!!  Was so relieved!!!  We are reunited with &#34;puppy&#34; again!!!  Love this product!!!  Such a lifesaver!!!  :)|pos
My daughter has 5 &#34;wubbies&#34;  this cow is by far her favorite.  It is so soft, and she loves to play with the ears, especially when she is very tired.<br />Because it is her favorite it has been washed about many times...it washes very well, it always comes clean and it holds up great.|pos
Our son will use these until he's about 18mo.  We are happy with the quality - he chews on them sometimes, and they have held up well.  We also used the 0-6 and 6-12 sizes.|pos
For whatever reason, our son prefers the AVENT pacifiers over all the others.  I also like the freeflow design as he has very sensitve skin and these allow his skin to breath and don't cause irritation like some others.|pos
I brought this for my 2 months old. I found out the Giraffe is slightly bigger and heavier than the other WubbaNubs. (3oz, 7 x 1 x 4 inches. You can find the information of each WubbaNubs on the product information / Technical Details). So, it actually stay better compare with the other WubbaNubs. Happy about the product.|pos
This pacifier looks just like the pictures. Nothing to say other than they will make even the ugliest baby Awesome!|pos
We absolutely love the Wubbanub pacifiers.  We were given one as a gift when our daughter was born and now we give them to everyone we know who has a baby.  They are fantastic and so cute.|pos
My son is really attached to his pacifier - these were great. I transitioned him to these from the gumdrop ones they gave us at the hospital. He's outgrowing these now at 4 months, but he is learning to manipulate his pacifier on his own so we give him these to play with. Much better for him to smash the soft rubbery ones into his face than the hard plastic Mam pacifiers he uses now!|pos
The pacifier was not even sewn onto the Elephant..really dissapointed with the quality! I paid $15.00...I should have gone to a<br />Baby Store!|neg
My baby girl loves her wubbaNub! It's a cute cuddly stuffed animal with her comfort pacifier. When she would chew through the pacifier I would cut it off and she would still have her puppy.|pos
My baby girl loves wubbaNub's! I bought the puppy & this one. When she would chew through the pacifier I would cut it off & she would still have her Elephant.|pos
This is SUPER cute!!  I cannot wait to try it out on my little prince!  Even if he doesn't prefer the nipple shape, its still a cute baby item to display in his nursery!  Would recommend to a friend!|pos
Starting at around 6 months, my son really started to love this.  When they're little, it's easy to lay it on their chest so it doesn't fall out of their mouth quite as easy.  When they're older, they look for their giraffe.  The only thing I don't like is keeping the stuffed animal part clean because it gets wet easily with slobber.  But throw it in the wash and it's back to new.  Definitely don't put it in the dryer though.|pos
too cute but he won't use any pacifiers.  guess Im grateful for that but would recommend to others or give as a gift.|pos
Bought this for my preemie grandson who is in the NICU ... huge hit.. every one loves it in his pictures.. and of course he does too.. :)|pos
Its cute its adorable and would recommend it for any one with infants.. :)  I bought it for my daughter because  she wanted it for my preemie grandson.. It is a huge hit in he NICU|pos
My son loves his monkey Wubbanub. Everyone comments about it, but mostly he can easily find it in his crib or diaper bag.  A great purchase.|pos
The stache's came on time and looked like the picture.  No complaints about the company.  The product was sticky enough to stay on, but don't change your facial expression as it will start to peel off.|pos
I absolutely adore this company.. Two of my cousins just had babies and I bought them both this product. They loved them. Nicely done.perfect shower gift. Shipping with amazon prime was super fast and everything was packaged well.  VERY VERY NICE PRODUCT!!!!! And ever so cute!!! ~~~ caitie xoxox|pos
My baby grew out of his other pacifiers and started devloping a habit of wanting a bottle to go to sleep, so these pacifiers took the place of a bottle when he is laying in his crob and he loves them.|pos
My baby is not a very big fan of pacifiers, she spits them out almost instantly. We have tried several different brands and types of pacifiers. The Phillips Avent Soothies are the only ones that she wont spit out. We have about 4 of these just in case they drop or get dirty. These pacifiers are advertised as &#34;helps calm and soothe newborns&#34; and I truly believe this, once we give our baby the pacifier she calms down right away. I would definitely recommend these pacifiers if your baby has a problem with all other ones.|pos
We have been dealing with the issue of making too much milk, and needed a pacifier for our little one to be able to comfort himself, since he would overeat if he stayed on the breast.  After trying a number of others, this one proved to be the one our son would use.  He just spit out the others.|pos
I thought this was supposed to be a mute button for my cousin's infant but instead it's just a pacifier.  It is a very high quality, BPA-free pacifier, but I found if you really need to silence the baby it just takes a couple good shakes (kidding!)|pos
When our daughter was under 2 months, she was FUSSY and we were willing to try ANYthing to get her and keep her asleep. Friends recommended a pacifier, but she was so little (6 pounds at birth), she couldn't keep a pacifier in her mouth, and if she lost it, that only made her 1000 times fussier. And then we found the wubbanub. Even when she was very young, she could hold onto this pacifier. She loves the pattern, and she enjoys chewing on all parts of it. It's also easy to find, and hard to lose - a winning combo. There's something extra special about the giraffe. We have a little duck wubbanub too, but the horns on the giraffe and the weight of the feet just make it perfect somehow....Whoever invented these is genius. Also, if you are concerned, the wubbanub is light enough that a baby can easily move it, so you don't have to worry about a suffocating/choking hazard.|pos
Product is a bigger version of the 0-6 months pacifier i liked those pacifiers so i bought the 6 - 18 month pacifier and the baby is happy can't ask more than that!|pos
Product is a bigger version of the 0-6 months pacifier i liked those pacifiers so i bought the 6 - 18 month pacifier and the baby is happy can't ask more than that!  more than that!|pos
Big hit at my daughters baby shower!! Great quality, haven't used them yet since the baby isn't born...hope she likes them.|pos
The pacifiers are great! The quality is excellent. My son uses his daily and unlike some other pacifiers we have used the logo has not faded.<br />Best of all everyone notices that he has team pride.|pos
Our baby really likes these pacifiers and my husband loves the sports themed ones. We like to have one handy for when he gets fussy!|pos
Mustaches were meant for babies.  Super adorable, about large...but kids will fit them eventually.  I would recommend buying for family and friends.|pos
It was denied to enter Mexico due to material m,ade off so i really was disappointed I could not provide my grand doughter with such item|neg
These are all the babies in my family's preferred pacifier. I love the clear and cut out plastic around the mouth piece. It is still allows you to see how cute there are and doesn't take over the look of their face too much. We have the infant ones and will get the larger size when needed.|pos
I fought the idea of a pacifier for my second son, but he was colicky and we resorted to any method possible to stop the screaming. He became attached to the Soothie brand pacifier we were given at the hospital. When he was around 2 months, we began the battle of him losing his pacifier in the night and I was constantly waking up to put it back in his mouth. I had been skeptical about trying a Wubbanub because I was afraid he would form an attachment to it since it's a toy and a Soothie in one and that it would be hard to break him of it. In a state of sleep deprivation, I picked this one up and am so glad I did!<br /><br />When he was still small, I swaddled this up with him and night so that he didn't lose it. Did it make him sleep through the night? No. But at least I wasn't constantly retrieving a pacifier. As he got older, he learned to hold it himself and guide it back in his mouth. The longhorn attached made it easier for his immature eye-hand coordination than if it was just the pacifier. Now that he's 8 months old, he chews on the horns, sucks on the tag, and chews on the pacifier. I don't have bumper pads in his crib, so other pacifiers fall through the rail. This Wubbanub stays in the crib much better than those do.<br /><br />I've read reviews that say it's cheaply made or not easily washable and I do not agree. About once a week I round up all the pacifiers and boil them. I just hold the nipple of this into the boiling water to keep the longhorn dry. Rather than throwing it in the washing machine with clothes when the longhorn gets dirty (and it does a lot because it goes everywhere with us), I just hand wash it with some Dreft and let it air dry. This keep it from getting fuzzy, as other reviewers have mentioned.<br /><br />I had actually gotten on here to order a second one because we like it so much and I'm afraid we'll lose the one we have. My fear came true that this has become his lovey, but I plan to just cut the pacifier off when the time comesto wean off of it. I still wish he didn't use a pacifier, but I'm so happy that we found something he likes and is capable of using all on his own!<br /><br />UPDATED JULY 2013<br /><br />I still fully stand behind this product, but wanted to update that we did have our first big issue with this Wubbanub. At 10 months, my son is a terror when it comes to teething. He bites and chews very hard on anything available, including this pacifier. On the one he's been using for 6 months, he was finally able to rip the pacifier part off of the longhorn by chomping down on the pacifier and pulling on the plush part over and over for weeks. It came off in one piece and wasn't a choking hazard, but it's thoroughly confused my son! I think part of the problem is that these are made with Soothies for ages 0-6 months, which has thinner material in the pacifier. If I had a way to attach a 6+ month paci to this, it would probably fare much better. Still a great product, but keep an eye out for your little chompers and make sure that the material is still holding firm.|pos
wubbanubs are the only paci my baby likes.  The elephant is super cute and his big ears are easy for a young baby to hold.|pos
Wubbanubs are the only paci my baby will take.  The alligator is really cute and easy for him to hold onto.|pos
She took to it immediately and has been using it for about a month. There are similar products out in stores, but not this nipple. My daughter won't use any other pacis.|pos
My son loves his Wubbanub, I have two now and will order another one. They are great in the case they wake up at night and have to search for it.|pos
My daughter loves these Pacifiers! I reccommend them for all expecting parents. The dog is especially appealing to her because of it's bright red color. Toy was shipped fast. Very happy customer. :)|pos
This pacifier had all the features I was looking for; solid one piece construction, European country of origin, and all natural materials. Not to mention my daughter loves it. Only con is it is silent when it hits the floor making it hard to find sometimes.|pos
My little guy loves this pacifier.  It is easy for him to grab and put in his mouth.  It doesn't go bouncing across the floor when he drops it.|pos
Bought as a gag gift for an expecting friend. They loved it! Said it wasn't fully functional for baby in first few months because it is too long, but now they use it and it generates many laughs! In a gift basket for the expecting from here on out!|pos
My daughter loves them!  And the fact that they glow in the dark makes it so much easier for us to find in her crib at night!|pos
I got this for my grand nephew.  Granted, it's not so much for him as for the amusement of everyone else, but it was a big hit.|pos
I have bought 2-3 of these for both my girls. I absolutely LOVE them and so do my girls. Easy to wash, they're easier to find so I'm never frantically searching for it, and the animal makes it easy for the girls to grab them and put it in their mouth. Not to mention they love cuddling with it :) very durable as well. The first one lasted about a year!|pos
Who doesn't love a WubbaNub?  This combination pacifier and friend has been very popular with my child for his first two years of life.  And now, to try to get him away from the beloved pacifier...this is the goal.  Eventually they do get a bit worn at the seams but that is after LOTS of use!|pos
LOOKED FORWARD TO THIS FOR MY DAUGHTER BUT IT NEVER MADE IT...I NOT SURE WHAT HAPPENED BUT I WOUD LOVE IT HAD IT ARRIVED... THE CONSEPT OF HAVING IT|neg
There is nothing wrong with this product, but our baby preferred another brand. They were even shaped the same, so I'm not sure why it made a difference|pos
Pros:<br />1. Does not leave a ring or red marks on the face like Nuk brand<br />2. Easy to wash and can be stored on a bottle rack<br />3. Can be attached to pacifier clips<br />4. Hole in the middle allows you to insert your pinky which stimulates baby to suck (at least it did with ours).<br /><br />Cons:<br />None!|pos
I bought this as a gift for my new nephew, but it's the perfect size and weight for infants.  It gives them something to grab onto and heavy enough to stay in place for those just learning, but easy enough for them to spit out and not choke.  Love the turtle!|pos
My son uses this as a blankie to suck his thumb.  The first one was purchased as a gift but as he grew more attached, I purchased another for daycare & another for when the first needed to be washed.  He doesn't used it to chew on but to rub on his face when he sucks his thumb.  He's been using them for about 6 months & after repeated washings, they are all holding up great!|pos
my new granson loves it. Now 3 months old and is easy to hold ,pet and touch. Ordered additional animal to have in car|pos
Bought these for my infant because I could not find these colors locally. She love them and used them until I broke her from them when she turned 10 months and had from teeth.|pos
Very good price! very good quality! I will defenetly recoment it to my friends. I will buy  more in the future!|pos
too cute for words! I actually ordered several of these. Love them! The pacifier are removable for easy clean up.|pos
great gift<br /><br />excellent quality, still being used like new 2 years later, i would recommened this product for new moms<br /><br />thanks|pos
It was just what it said it would be. My mother-to-be loved it. It was given as a gift at a shower and it  made every one laugh|pos
this was the best thing i ever found. i tried to get my boy to take a pacifier (for when i went back to work) but he wouldnt take anything until we found this and were able to teach him how to use the pacifier by sticking our finger in it. he wont use anything else. only down side is that most pacifier clips and covers do not work with this kind of pacifier.|pos
These pacifiers are so great, they are the only ones my little guy will use!<br />perfect for car trips because they don't fall behind them in the seat when they spit them out.<br />Especially when he gets upset in the car he hugs onto the stuffed animal part, and it clams him down.<br />also it's much esier to find in the diaper bag than those tiny pacifers that fall to the bottom and get all gross.<br />my advice is get several... and keep in every room! .|pos
This is the only binky my grandson will use, we love it. It,s also durable<br />Like the idea of two binkies in the package|pos
These pacifiers are so great, they are the only ones my little guy will use!<br />perfect for car trips because they don't fall behind them in the seat when they spit them out.<br />Especially when he gets upset in the car he hugs onto the stuffed animal part, and it clams him down.<br />also it's much esier to find in the diaper bag than those tiny pacifers that fall to the bottom and get all gross.<br />my advice is get several... and keep in every room!|pos
very nice product. will work very well hanging from a stroller. a pacifier pod, what will they think of next|pos
Love these Dummies, you can see your little one sucking!<br />Life saver for any new mum!<br />Great colours to choose from!|pos
Everything went fine. My baby was crying all night and this was the solution for her. Are small for her mouth. She really likes this pacifier|pos
My daughter absolutely loves these things.  Pretty steap price for a pacifier but she loves them.  One for the mouth and two more to stick her index finger into the binky. She is 2 yrs old and i have had a supply of these around since birth.|pos
This infant pacifier meets and exceeds all of my wishes. Easy for a baby to hold and makes it easy to find it when misplaced. Quality made.|pos
I haven't yet used to pacify game yet. however I did open the package and I'm sure we will enjoy the game once the baby shower starts.|pos
it is so lovely that my baby loves it so much<br />well made and no harmful and strange smells<br />it is quite good|pos
My infant does not want to go to sleep.  I am convinced he purposely spits out his pacifier in a last ditch attempt to wake himself up.  I tried the Wubbanub hoping it would make it harder for him to spit it out.  IT REALLY WORKS.  My infant spits out the pacifier, but it is positioned right on his chest, so he can get it back in his mouth!  It is wonderful.  Granted, it doesn't work 100% of the time, especially when he starts rocking in his swaddle, but it has made bedtime so much more easier.  This is a must for parents with infants.|pos
We got lots of pacifiers through baby showers and gifts, etc... but my husband bought this online and the baby LOVES this one the best! We got a two pack so one stays in his room and the other in the living room with the playard. its definitely his &#34;Go to&#34; paci. :)|pos
The pacifier does not remove from the lamb's mouth as it is stitched in. It would be a great product if it could be removed for washing/ sterilizing.|neg
This is one of my baby's favorite paci.  The hospital gave it to him first and I have bought a variety of paci's and he enjoys this brand the most.|pos
Very cute and as described item, on time delivery ..<br />Not only looks cute but also it has bulb-like teet or nipple which my baby prefer, whenever I go shop for pacies I need to check the teet to make sure it's not the straight one (this didn't show in the description of the item)|pos
We're getting ready to move to Texas, so it seemed only fitting to get our daughter the Longhorn Bull! We LOVE Wubbanubs!|pos
I love this!  It's so cute and my daughter loves that she has something to hold on to.  She actually pulls her pacifier out less since she is holding onto the animal.|pos
Our son loves this. It's helped him to keep his pacifier in his mouth. We also bought 'Gary' the giraffe. He's grabbing now and has figured out how to yank this out of his mouth. But it's great as far as not having a string attached to a pacifier. And it gives him something to cuddle too. Well made, easy to care for.|pos
I was able to modify this tabby wubbanub onto a first years Gumdrop pacifier. I made it so I can exchange pacifiers once a month, and then while I am exchanging pacifiers, I can also throw it in the laundry!!! I am going to try to put a pic up on top|pos
Bought this for my cousin's baby shower. She's a FL Gators fan. I learned with my own baby, that kids love these!|pos
My son is crazy for his wubbanubs, and this is a nice one.  Some hold up better than others in the washing machine, and this is a good example of that.  After many washes it still looks good and not overly worn out.|pos
i love the product and my baby enjoys it as well it is a great gift and a wonderul idea.|pos
I loved this pacifier! It looked so cute on my little nephew. I am definitely happy that I got it.|pos
These are so cute and my son loves them.  It was great quality and good value.  Plus, it never seems like you have enough binkies!|pos
I had trouble finding a pacifier holder for the soothie pacifiers that would keep them clean in the diaper bag. This little pouch works great and you can cram up to three soothies in there with ease. It can also be snapped to the diaper bag, carseat or stroller to make it easier to find for those meltdown moments. It is what I needed.|pos
You got to love pacifiers that have the Atlanta Braves logo on them.  We are great fans and love these.|pos
My kid is enjoying this pacifier It is great, good price and great deal.<br />Good qualitty, thank you very much.|pos
This is the only brand of pacifiers my little one will use and she loves the cute animal pictures on these.|pos
Purchased this as a gift. It is so funny to see baby use this - he looks like he is kissing a kitten!<br />Pacifiers are necessities and this one is soooo cute<br /><br />Item arrived on time|pos
This is a gift for my soon to be niece, my brother complained that all the presents were too girly. This is the perfect fit to the little girls collection!!!!|pos
Our baby will never have teeth like these. Nevertheless, it was hilarious to see on him and folks thought it was funny.|pos
This thing is amazing I mean since I'm an ab type person ahaha<br />Well the mouth piece the shape is amazing and the feel so I could suck on it all day and the skull and crossbones on the front is so adorable. I love this thing<br /><br />I would so recommend it|pos
People loved the grillz, and were LOL when they saw it. Baby liked the functionality of the soother. Must have for fun|pos
These are hard to find and I was thrilled to get them! My daughter will only take this kind so when these came in the mail I was so happy! Great product and quick shipping|pos
These are my daughters favorite pacifiers! We have three dogs who love to steal them so I am constantly buying new ones. I have the best luck with prices on AMAZON!|pos
Got this along wih the Giraffe Bestever Baby Mat and both were very well received by the happy new parents. Nice quality and super cute!|pos
Initially my son did not take to pacifiers at all, but I did not want him to be a thumb sucker.  So I bought this at 4 months old and almost tossed it.  Decided to keep it and BOY am I glad I did!! He goes everywhere with monkey.  At night, if he wakes, he'll cry a bit and tos around and he can find him so much easier than a plain pacifier and plop him right back in his mouth for a good nights rest.  He loves monkey and so do we!!|pos
this product is excellent. it fits the mouth of the baby, without squeezing or hurting, is very light and the inner small and anatomically|pos
My son has been drooling and chewing all over the other straps I've purchased, making them dingy and gross. These don't show dirt & grim as bad. They seem like they will hold up over time, too!|pos
These are the standard philips avent pacis, just with a larger (and cuter!) outer portion.  My daughter loved them.  Never had problems with staining or excessive moisture around her mouth.|pos
I got this in the hope to get my second kid hooked on pacifiers.  If anything to maybe enjoy a car ride with an infant, as my first child was miserable to be around when in a vehicle. Six months later: She uses it, cuddles it, loves flinging it around.  The 2 year old loves it and made it her personal mission to be on &#34;kitty fetching duty&#34;, for the baby whenever she fussed.  We love it cause she's happy in the car, sleeps with it when she's not cosleeping, and it's cute.<br /><br />Our first one the nose embroidery unraveled at about 4 months, but I just cut it off, so what if kitty has a pink nose or not.  We got a second and I noticed that old and new were quite similar; with weekly/biweekly soaks in oxiclean, 6 months of wear doesn't really show.  Now one lives in the carseat and one lives in the crib. The product picture is slightly different, the kitties have white &#34;pads&#34; to the feet, not tabby pattern.<br /><br />Happy with our purchase, worth the expense.|pos
I bought this for my newborn son. We have yet to use it, as it is for 3 months+. But it is very cute and well made. Would recommend this product to others|pos
So cute and cuddly. Would recommend to a friend. Baby is able to place pacifier in mouth, and remove on his own.|pos
Easy to read, pretty sturdy ( had been drooped couple of times ) and pretty handy if you have a baby at home ..  even will work with adults ..  :D|pos
when I saw this I liked it my son loves Turtle so I know his son is going to love it to|pos
I was worried that changing from the orthodontic type to the bulb type was going to disturb my little guy, but these work better for chewing on in my opinion.|pos
I'm glad I bought this.  I wasn't going to because of the reviews stating that it smelled rotten or it doesn't smell good.<br /><br />So the first thing I did after receiving this item is to open it and smell it.  It smelled like apple juice.  Open up a canister of apple juice and that's what it smells like... Sweet yet tarty at the same time.  Now I understand why some people might think it smells horrible but I don't have a problem with it. I love apple juice.<br /><br />It wipes the pacifier as its supposed to.  I usually also use it to wipe my Medela breast pump parts after using them.  It's way thinner than the expensive Medela wipes but it wipes the part down good enough.|pos
It is a safe material. I wll recommend it to anyone with babies. Beside that t was hilarious.  We had a lot of laugh out of this pacifier.|pos
My baby loves this product. It's easy for him to hold and manipulate. I like that it's easy to wash. I would suggest buying more than one. That way you can wash one and have one to use. Great product!!|pos
I was able to make a corsage for the baby shower out of it and it was so cute and different.|pos
The hospital started us on Soothie pacifiers, but they kept falling out of DD's mouth and to the floor. We found Wubbanubs (they use a Soothie paci) and they solved the problem. They stay on her chest and she can even push the paci back into her mouth if it comes out. LOVE!!!  We now have 3.|pos
I purchased this game for the children of baby shower guests to play so that they can feel like they were apart of the party and game time/prize winning. I prepared a small thank you bag for all the children participating in this game. They all loved playing it and it was very entertaining for the guests to watch as their children tried blindly, to attach the pacifier to the right place. Keeping this game in case I happen to host another baby shower. It was tons of fun!|pos
I got this pacifier for my grand baby and she loves it. The duck allows her to be able to hold her pacifier for herself. She looks so cute huging the duck while she sucks her pacifier. And when it gets dirty I can just wash it in the machine and sterilze the pacifier|pos
My kids love it;  we are collecting all models; if you are looking the best try to give it to your kids happiness and healthy products|pos
My daughter will not keep this in her mouth for more than a second due to the oddly shaped nipple, which is not symmetrical an has an abrupt slope up and is about 25% fatter and longer than a typical nipple.  I tried it when she was 18 months and again at 24 months with the same result.  Also, just by squeezing the nipple, you can hear air shoot out, so crud surely gets in.  This doesn't happen with her other pacifiers.|neg
My daughter can not live without this pacifier.  She loves feeling the softness of the animal and she's able to keep it in her mouth with the help of the furry animal.  Love, love!|pos
I wish these thing would let you put on your own paci. My daughter is only 11 weeks old and she is already set in her ways. She has the paci we have always used since she was introduced to soothers after having oral surgery. She wants no part of any other pacifier. I thought this monkey work b/c the pacifiers look similar but no luck, she won't have it. She likes to move her head a look around and she can't really do that with this pacifier(paci goes out of her mouth and she gets frustrated and cries). Most of the pictures are of sleeping babies and I guess it would work for that but my girl spits out the paci when she falls asleep so she really needs it for waking hours and this does not work for that.|neg
I love this and think it is amazing so I bought it as a baby gift for a family member.|pos
Son loves these!  The pacifier is sort of cheaply attached to the doll portion, but you could always sew it back on when it falls off like my mother had to do for her grandson!|pos
Our daughter is very stubborn about pacifiers.  She wouldn't take one at all until about 3 months old.  She still does not like them, but out of the 7 different types we bought, this is the only one she's accepted.|pos
Love it! My daughter goes nuts for these things and rightfully so! She gets a lovey and pacifier in one! Totally love these things!|pos
Great nook but it baby does not seem to be attached to the nook like my other kids were.  The stuffed animal makes it more of a toy so it is being played with as much as it is being used as a nook.|pos
I used this cute and functional item to tie into the ribbons on my new grand daughter's welcome gift. It is well made no sharp edges. She is still too young for a Pacifier, the Pediatrician said 4 weeks old, when she has nursing down pat. Until then it is cute sitting on her chest of drawers.|pos
This was purchased as a gift on my sister's baby registry. The product pictured shows four pacifiers in pastel colors. While the description does say you only get two, it doesn't say they are CLEAR, not pastel-colored.<br /><br />I can't comment on the quality of the product... I just want other purchasers to know they will be receiving two clear pacifiers. The product picture is indeed misleading, and should be changed.|neg
This is the only pacifier my baby will take.  If other people had problems with it - we have not experienced any.|pos
I got  these to give as a gift in one of my craft projects. They were the perfect size and the colors were beautiful. They also come on a case to keep them clean. I would recommend these pacificiers to anyone who needs a good pacifier.|pos
My baby boy loves his wubbanub pacis! I think the bull is sooo supe cute! The animals help the paci stay in!|pos
I gave this as a baby shower gift and it was a huge hit with the parents and grandparents. Stachified!|pos
My son absolutly loves this and wont use any other passie !!!<br />No Complaints !!!<br />No Regrets !<br />It is made well !|pos
My grandson loves the one he has similar to this.  It makes a great baby gift for a baby that loves his/her pacifier.|pos
This is a miracle product.  WubbaNub should win a prize, for most awesome baby product for PARENTS!  Why parents? Because you finally do not have to get up every 2 min to put the soothie back in after your baby spits it up!<br /><br />My baby played a game called stupid soothie and mommy, where she would suck the soothie until mommy got back in bed, waited 2 min for mommy to get comfy, and BAM, spit it out, or with the help of her tiny long fingers, hurl the soothie right out of the crib.  I swear I would get up at least 20 times with each time I put her in the crib.  I was growing so frustrated.  Then while reading some forum, I kept seeing references to Wubbanub, due to the odd name, I looked it up, and it was like a bright light had shined on me!  I was saved!  I ordered one immediately, and life has been a bliss ever since!  My baby would also go into crying spells in the car, when I drove and the soothie fell out, and I had no way of getting it back into babies mouth asap.  The Wubbanub has stopped all of this drama.  The bear design in particular works better than some others, the month of the bear is bigger and holds the soothie down and in the mouth.  We also have the giraffe, and while cute, the mouth of giraffe where soothie is connected is thin and longer, and the soothie doesn't stay in quite as well as with the bear.<br /><br />Additional tip: if you put a blanket on top of the bear, it stays in even better, less risk of slipping out.  Also, after the initial wash/soothie boil, instead of boiling everyday and getting half the bear wet, I bought pacifier wipes that work well to get all the grime/germs off.<br /><br />This has seriously been a life saver!|pos
this little guy goes everywhere with us. even though my son has stopped taking a pacifier i still stick him in the car seat with him. in fact, he is in his bed right now. i think i might even remove the pacifier eventually and hand sew him back up. i highly recommend this product.|pos
My son loves his Wubbanub!! He is not a pacifier kid but he will take this one. Love that I can always locate it and it's so cute.|pos
My baby hated the rubber pacifiers which I bought to try to go as natural as possible. Also the rubber ones sorta blocked her nose. These have a nice space for my baby's nose and its the only one she'll take. Also, contacted maker and asked if product was BPA free and they assured me that it was. I guess at one point the plastic shield wasnt BPA free but that has chnaged.|pos
If you need a nighttime binky, this is it for sure.  This keeps her little hands busy and gives her something to hold onto for that secure feeling instead of having those arms flail around.  I have a hundred pictures of her with this already.  I wish I could get different levels of binkies (6month etc) in the Wubbanub.  I only want her to have this at naptime or at night.  I dont take this everywhere.  I only purchased one but have friends that purchased 2 of the same so they can wash/clean one while the other is used.|pos
I bought this as a gift for a friend who recently had a baby boy and it did not disappoint!  It's adorable and hilarious!|pos
My daughter has become a pacifier snob. She is not happy unless she has a Gumdrop pacifier. I have tried other pacifiers that I was given as gifts, but she won't accept them.|pos
My twins will only take the soothie pacifiers but they don't stay in very well. These are the perfect solution. We have a red dog, penguin, puppy and this bull. They are easy for tiny hands to hold onto. They are also great for younger babies to find and put the pacifier back in their mouths on their own at a much earlier age. My babies also love the comfort of the stuffed animal. We love them.|pos
These are the only pacifiers I could get my baby to take.  They are also the kind attached to the Wub-a-nubs, which I highly recommend.  These we use for backup when we forget the Wub-a-nub.|pos
This has been the best thing ever. We have five different ones. Highly recommend.  One for all floors and cars.  Safe and adorable|pos
Hey everyone has their problems and our just happens to be that we still use a binky to calm ourselves. The MAM works for adults so well -it's got to work great for kids too right? WELL not so fast, our screaming, burping, puking baby won't take a MAM so we're stuck with the hospital SOOTHIE binky ... until we found this one. He will take this one and helps SO much with the screaming. In fact, it has worked so well I don't have a screaming problem any more. Now I'm left to search out products that will help with the burping and puking.<br />My only con with this binky is that if you tether it to the baby the only place to do so is by the holes in the front of the binky. These can touch the cheeks of my little on an during vigorous binky sessions it can cause irritation. The binky's that I use have a pull ring so I don't have to worry about this problem.|pos
We have a special needs son and this turtle was easy for him to grasp and hold on to. He loves it.|pos
The monkey is my son's favorite wubbanub.  We have several as they are all that he will use.  Just love them.|pos
Our daughter really likes these. We also have the puppy and they have been very handy.  I would purchase these again.|pos
For the busy, on the go mom who doesn't have time to boil water in the pot to sterilize pacifiers, this is a great, relatively-cheap product. Simply place the blinkies into the turnover, and oola you can sterilize them in the microwave!<br /><br />The product is BPA free, which is a must in my book for all children-related purchases.|pos
I bought my grandson 3 of these and they were perfect from the time he was born until he stopped needing a pacifier, these are great - so much easier for them to hold!  These are really durable, he was tough on them and they never fell apart.  I bought one for a friend's shower and she just loves it for her baby!|pos
I think this was a brilliant idea! Babies not only like the pacifier, but the limbs of the animals help out during teething. I also think that by chewing and sucking on the limbs and not just the pacifier will help when it's time to say good bye to the paci.|pos
this small animal is great for my 3 month old to hold on to allow her to find her pacifier on her own.|pos
These pacifiers are soo cool.  I have triplets, so I've gotten over 8 of them! They are soft, you can throw it in the washer and let it air dry!  People love them! they are too cute!|pos
great product and washable  love it and baby loves it as well . Its definitely better than other products out there|pos
I like this pacifier pod because it matches the bag I purchased form JJ Cole.  I look forward to using it.|pos
Avent is the brand I have used with my two kids, the third is on the way and I didnt doubt keeping working with Avent.|pos
My cousin and his wife ended up using this product and absolutely love its ease and convenience. They like that it is small enough to easily fit in a diaper bag and is attractive enough to leave out on the kitchen countertop.|pos
I think this was a brilliant idea! Babies not only like the pacifier, but the limbs of the animals help out during teething. I also think that by chewing and sucking on the limbs and not just the pacifier will help when it's time to say good bye to the paci.|pos
brilla en la oscuridad cuando mas necesitas encontrarlo, tiene un tamao ideal y trae tapa, es perfecto para mi bebe.|pos
I got this item for a baby shower and I was not disappointed when it arrived. It made the perfect baby gift and I would recommend it for anyone with a baby or one on the way!|pos
my cousin bought me the gumdrop bottle set for my baby and gave it to me at my baby shower. it was the set that came with the small pack of pacifier wipes. let me just say they are great. they smell good and although i am unsure if they taste good, they get his pacifier's clean and he seems to have no trouble with the taste when we stick the pacifiers back in his mouth. i actually use them to clean all the things he puts in his mouth like when we're on the go and don't have water or soap i use them for his bottles. i think they are great and bought this one because i was scared that once we'd run out of the smaller pack we wouldn't have any left to clean his pacifiers with. i also use the smaller pack for on-the-go so i store them in his diaper bag and this set we keep at home so we always have some with us when we need them.|pos
We received an orange pacifier from the hospital while we were staying there. I couldn't find these in any stores in Canada, anything that came close covered her nose and she would push them out of her mouth. We ordered these online to make sure we have backups in case we ever lose the one from the hospital. They are wonderful!|pos
The AVENT Soothie pacifer is awesome. We got our in the hospital and my baby has been using them ever since. He is 15 mths old now and still using the 0-3 mths paci (now only for nap time). We tried the ones for older babies but he prefers the 0-3 mth one. The only con I would say is that it can not be clipped to a paci holder... although I did here they are now making some of them to fit.|pos
These pacifiers have proven to be lifesavers. We have multiples, and once your baby loves them you'll be buying multiples too! We have used these since leaving the hospital, and therefore avoided baby waking up in the middle of the night due to losing her pacifier. They stay in because the stuffed animal helps them stay close to their mouth instead of falling out as soon as they stop sucking. As they get older, the stuffed animal serves as a comfort toy, full of texture and appendages to pull. Sometimes baby sucks and chews on everything but the pacifier! They also are easy to wash. We wash the pacifier in the sink, keeping the plush out of the water for quick cleans. Then, when a deep clean is needed (after all that chewing) we wash the whole thing in a delicate laundry bag in the washing machine with her baby clothes. This is why I recommend more than one, so you can wash one and have a back up for baby. The elephant was great due to the big ears, she loves to pull on those. We constantly have other parents asking about this pacifier....once you have one you'll be a believer.|pos
i was very excited for my son to use these!! just one day after using it the d was rubbed off. i am very disappointed.|neg
These are the only ones I will buy for my 3yo now.  He still uses a pacifier at night.  These are bigger, for his big kid mouth and they stand up to the chewing.  The clear silicon ones rip within a week or so and these latex ones last for a couple months.|pos
You can't loose the pacifier and my baby loves it. cutest thing anyone came up with. This is the third one I have purchased.|pos
Before my son was born, I was planning on not using pacifiers at all if possible.  And if I HAD to, only after he had a solid latch (after about 2-3 weeks).  Two days after we brought him home, he was on a crying rampage and couldn't be soothed.  He wasn't hungry, or dirty, or tired.  It was my last idea... and it worked.  Not only did it work, but it also helped my son's latch a little.  It still wasn't perfect, but it was better than it had been before the soothie.  I like that the center is clear and you can see how the little one is sucking -- you can see the way the tongue and gums are working.  I would add this to the must have list prior to bringing a little one home.|pos
I originally only got this because I liked the idea of a pacifier that would be harder to lose/easier for baby to grab and put in. I didn't expect my daughter to become so attached to it! It doesn't stay in perfectly, but a lot better than just a paci by itself, and you can swaddle it up inside a blanket to help secure it even more. My baby loved to hold it while she sucked on the pacifer and even when she stopped taking pacifiers altogether at about 2 1/2 months, she still loves this giraffe. She holds it while she sleeps, in the car, and now that she has started teething she loves to chew on his legs and horns. Great buy for as happy as it makes her!|pos
Nothing to say just a funny novelty to give to my baby brother. Is hilarious to watch him around the house with it in|pos
This is the only pacifier my baby will take. I like the different sizes for the different ages. Says it's ok for the teeth, i guess I'll see in 5 years :)|pos
Who doesn't love a Bad Ass Baby? This is super cute! I recommend it for all babies. Babies shouldnt be limited to pastels.|pos
My grandson loves his WubbaNub.  He snuggles his ducky and chews on the pacifier.  He does not use the pacifier much any more but he loves to snuggle the soft duck.  I have another grandbaby on the way.  There will be another WubbaNub in our future.  The problem will be finding one that the older baby does not want to steal.|pos
Great way to make a soothie even better! I wanna buy some more of those. Pricey tho! Cute, fun and baby loves it!|pos
We love our froggie Wubanub! It is so cute but beyond that it is so functional! It does not bounce or roll into the great beyond when dropped or spit out. It is easy to find in a paci emergency! Our little guy could hold it with his arm weeks before his mother skills developed enough to let him use his hand for the task. We get compliments and questions whenever we go out (froggie is always with us!) I always recommend Wubanub to my mommy and grand parent friends. The only issue would be if your little one does not like the Soothie pacis but mine loves it so no problem.|pos
haha little baby on the way well this is the perfect binky for the baby! people will laugh and it is just awesome! :)|pos
i bought this as a baby shower gift for a friend who had a mustache themed baby shower for her baby boy. definitely cute!|pos
just what I wanted to give.I am sure the new parents will love it, because pacifiers are always dropping from their mouths.|pos
Gave as a gift - the family loved it - -appears to be well made - no comment on quality / usefulness as they haven't yet used it - 6 month pacifier.|pos
LOVE these pacifiers!  We bought small packs of three different types of pacifiers to see what our baby would prefer.  We bought Dr Brown's Prevent, Nuk, and Avent.  Our baby will LOVES the Dr Brown pacifiers.  She'll put up with the Avent ones, but they pop out of her mouth so easily it's hardly worth it.  The Nuk ones get spit out almost instantly, they're too hard to keep in her mouth.  These ones have a fantastic shape that is very well designed.  I love that it doesn't give her gas because she's not sucking any air.  These are just so perfectly designed and we've already bought more for her.  I think it's good advice to try different pacifiers for your baby because all babies are different, but I will say that these ones definitely stay in their mouths better no matter who your baby is - so I won't tell you not to try different pacifiers at first, but definitely include these when you're trying a few out!  They'll probably become a quick favorite for you and baby.<br /><br />Originally we purchased the Dr Browns Prevent pacifiers from another Amazon listing where Colors may vary and there are no handles on the pacifier.  We ended up with blue and red, which I didn't love for our little girl.  It's silly and not important, but I didn't love having her suck on a blue or red pacifier when she was always dressed in pink or purple.  These pacifiers are much preferred!  Though they're the same shape for sucking, there are a few differences.  The silly difference (but it matters to me!) of the color is the obvious difference.  Another key difference is these ones also have the handles on them and the others don't.  I have found that I much prefer the handles for multiple reasons.  One, they are easy to hold if I'm burping her and just want to have the pacifier handy for when she's done and ready for it.  Two, if I drop the pacifier, the extra weight from the handle makes it land on the back almost every time so the nipple doesn't get dirty.  Three, if you're attaching a pacifier clip, it can attach to the handle instead of the opening on the part of the pacifier that touches the baby's face.  Our pacifier clip was always rubbing against our baby's face when using the other ones and I didn't like that since it left a red mark on her cheek.<br />Another difference is that these pacifiers actually come with a clip-on nipple cover.  I LOVE this accessory because if I'm running to a neighbor's house for a short visit and I don't need to tote a whole diaper bag, but I do want to bring a pacifier - I easily can with the clip cover.  It works so great to just clip the cover on so I can throw the pacifier in my pocket without it getting all nasty.  Or it's nice for putting in the diaper bag without getting gross as well.<br /><br />The price is about the same (within a dollar) of the other colors may vary listing, so these ones are the clear winner between the two listings.  If you want a great pacifier for your little girl, these are PERFECT!|pos
Our son used these from day one at the hospital.  When our daughter was born, he still had the green ones from the hospital so in order to avoid him from taking the new baby's, we ordered pink & purple for her.  Much cheaper to purchase in the multipack than from a store (only comes in a 2pk for around $5 and every parent knows that when you need them most they all have disappeared...so good to have a few backups.|pos
Was given these by labor & delivery when I had my son. Already had some other types at home, but he loves these! Will not take another type. One piece construction and no hard parts. Easy to clean, great for him to teeth on, ordered a bunch and will keep ordering until we ween him off of them.|pos
These are the best. They do not leave marks on baby's face and the rubber is good when baby is teething|pos
This is a great product for kids! They are able to hold it and find it in the night! More rested nights for mommy and daddy!|pos
My children are 17 months apart and my older child was still using the Soothies and had them in both pink and green. I was looking for a different color so I could tell them apart and was happy to have found these yellow ones on Amazon. I only wish they sold them in stores!|pos
I got this as a gift for a sweet little girl.  My god son had one and loved it.  I think she will too!|pos
This came in the mail very fast. It's easy for my 4 mo old to grab, she plays with it. It's cute and everyone loves it|pos
We have three wubbanubs: the monkey, dino, and the puppy. The shape of the puppy is great. It's legs are just the right size for my four month old to grab. Plus, it's precious!|pos
This is super cute and  I can't wait to use it on my new baby when he gets here !!|pos
This is my favorite of the wubbanub pacifier collection of ours.  We have the bear, dragon, dinosaur, and sea turtle.  This one is adorable, very easy for my baby to hold on to, and his go to binky.  He loves it and so do I!|pos
I'm giving this 5 starts because I needed yellow pacis to decorate a  yellow, gray and black diaper cake with and amazon was the only place that had the paci in this color.  It looked gorgeous on the cake, and my son has never taken another paci besides the soothers.|pos
It's so so cute. Hope that my baby will love it. It's looks pretty good. And it is well made.|pos
no leaks, no leftover meds left behind. i couldnt believe it worked but it did. my son takes prilosec 2x a day. its DARK PURPLE and impossible to get him to take via syringe alone. we would give him a tenth of a milliliter at a time and pop his pacifier back in so he'd suck it down.  it took forever and he'd always  spit some of it out. (purple stains on everything he owns) we tried this and were shocked that it worked. he sucked down the meds in 2 seconds and didnt notice!|pos
I think the Avent soothie is a God send.  It works like no other paci out there, so when you add a cute little &#34;stuffed animal&#34; to the end of it, who can resist??  My son wouldn't take to any other paci, but this one works like a charm, and he's now learning to hold onto the legs.  SO cute!<br /><br />Like many people know, 2012 was the year of the Golden Dragon (not just any Dragon year), one that comes every 60 years, so I had to have this paci.  I'm pretty sure the manufacturers knew this, because it can't be a coincident that it was the most expensive WubbaNub (can it?).|pos
In the early months, babies do not know how to soothe themselves, and as parents, we try our best to calm them down by rocking, shushing, or singing to them.  But, when that doesn't work (assuming they've been fed, burped and have a clean diaper), try giving them a paci, and not just any paci... give them an Avent soothie.<br /><br />If hospitals are using it, chances are it's the best brand/product out there.  For the first month after my son was born, he did not take to a paci.  In some cases, that's a good thing since pacis are known to cause dental problems, but the reality is that babies do &#34;flip out&#34; and when they do... this is a life saver.<br /><br />An Avent paci is better than any other brand, but this particular one is vanilla scented - making it even better.  Another must have!|pos
My son loved his soothie, so I decided to try this out. He is inseperable from it! I got it for him when he was only a few weeks old, and now at 4 months he can put the soothie in his own mouth, and is quite comfortable picking up and holding the dragon. He also strokes it's fur, and I find him hugging it in his sleep. I plan on purchasing at least one more sometime soon!|pos
Absolutely loved them!!!  My little boy absolutely who is 5 months old really loves it. The pacifer attachment is a real life saver too!|pos
I love the blue pacifier because it is a different color than the one you get from the hospital. This is a great pacifier for a nursing baby. Also consider the WubbaNub!|pos
You just cant have enough pacifiers in the crib so the child can find them in the night time.  Good quality.|pos
I have never had any of my babies have nipple confusion with these. I have given them to all three of my kids-also they have all spit them out by about 3 months and never wanted another paci after that...could be luck but I like to think it was this awesome pacifier!|pos
This is the only pacifier that my 2 month old son will take. All other pacifiers we use he immediately spits out. I have absolutely no complaints about this product and highly recommend it to all.|pos
We have 3 different ones, and I want more! They are so easy for my child to find at night an pop in his mouth. Not to mention adorable! One day I saw him put the entire (no wubbabnub attached) binky in his mouth! yikes! so I will not ever give him a non wubbanub binky again! They are safer and too cute!|pos
I just received my shipment, I truly wish that it stated somewhere that you pay nearly $15.00 for one pack. The only details it says is that the package weighs 1 lbs. Assuming you get more with that weight. Unfortunately I am stuck with it because I can not find these at the store, my daughter found it and we need it. You also do not get to choose the color, I got blue, and she prefers yellow, pink or purple. So be it. On a positive note, I got it within 2 days.|neg
wish my daughter would've liked them. she didn't like ANY pacifiers. she's almost 1 now and we gave up. at least we don't have to worry about her not wanting to let go.|pos
These are the best pacifiers on the market.  They are the ones the hospital sent home with us and my son is attached!  No other binky will work for him.  They are soft and durable.  Yes, they bounce when dropped, just buy some pacifier wipes or a wubbanub and you are good to go.|pos
Our theme is monkey's so it's perfect that way and it's really cute but it also helps the baby keep the pacifier in and not just spit it out so my baby loves it and so do we.|pos
very good , product was original and ok , whell packed , good box , new in the box , i recomend tanks|pos
It seemed like I was always searching for pacis for my ten month old son, so I finally caved in and bought eight at once.  We've been very happy with them.  Nuk pacis have been my favorite with both of my children.  The shape helps it stay in the baby's mouth, which is particularly nice at night.  The sports theme (which I'm not usually a big fan of) adds a sweet boyish flair to baby's daily ensemble.  No complaints about this purchase!|pos
ALL I CAN SAY IS THESE THINGS REALLY SUCK! THE BABY LOVES THEM! HOW MUCH HAPPINESS  CAN A LITTLE THING LIKE THIS BRING! IT IS TERRIFIC [I GUESS]|pos
I got a few different Wubbanub characters for my nephew and the giraffe is his FAVORITE! its perfect for him to grab himself and he also enjoys chewing on the giraffes legs :)|pos
I had several friends who were having babies within months of each other.  I bought 2 blue pacifiers and 2 pink ones and each mother thought they were great!|pos
If you look at your hospital soothie and go to the website, it redirects to Philips, and this is the same product.  Less time hunting on the floor or between cushions (for now)|pos
Being a first time grandma & kept thinking about how many receiving blankets I rolled up to keep my own baby's pacifier in place, what an awesome idea!  Baby granddaughter loves to hold soft furry meow and gets all her comfort at same time.  Buy at least three!|pos
My baby girl could not keep a binkie in her mouth. My friend recommended the Wubbanub and my baby was able to keep in the binkie and hold onto the cute little lamb.|pos
My 2 month old son loves his wubbanubs, not to mention how convenient they are for me as well. I was constantly picking up and having to wash his other pacifiers because whenever they fell out they were gone. However with the wubbanub it stays on his chest and he is able to grab it again with his mouth whenever it falls out. He also loves to hold the animal which is a great thing at this age of development! Love this product!!!!|pos
We got this Stachifier after seeing my little one's cousin with one. We couldn't resist. Not only do we get a kick out of seeing him in it, but he loves seeing himself in the mirror with it. He just cracks up! I will be purchasing the other styles for sure!|pos
I like this dragon it's a good size and perhaps when my grand baby is a little older will be more attracted to it, it's a good size and colorful|pos
My son has chubby cheeks and these wont put a mark on his face . love the product , they are made in England .|pos
Wubbanubs are the only pacifiers that our son would take, and now they are a go-to gift for me with new parents.  My son sucked on the paci, the legs, the tag... Perfect.|pos
They are soft and comfortable. i like that the shape is designed to create a comfort fit around baby's mouth.  My newborn loves them and amazon has multi pack at a great price.|pos
Makes a really cute gift! Gave this to my finance in a &#34;new daddy&#34; basket at the hospital and he loved it!|pos
I Used the pacifiers on a diaper cake along with the silverware.  They were a nice finishing touch.to the cake.|pos
This is a very cute pacifier holder, but not very logical. It is too heavy for a small baby and would yank the pacifier out of their mouth. I got this for my two year old. He used it to smack people with the beads. I made it into a cute key ring.|neg
Thank you. I was so upset when this product was pulled from local stores. My little one has outgrown it now but it gave piece of mind when she was too big for a small paci and put the entire thing in her mouth,  yet wouldn't fall asleep without something. It was a great bridge for going from paci to no paci.|pos
I bought this pacifier for my son before he was born. I took it with me to the hospital when I went into labor. The child was attached to it as soon we offered it to him. It's easy to find and you can just throw it in the washer. I ordered him similar ones it but he prefers this on.  He's four and half months now and this is the second one I buy him.|pos
MY BABY GIRL WAS BORN 12 WEEKS EARLY AND THESE ARE GOING TO BE GREAT WHEN SHE IS READY TO COME HOME!!!!!|pos
I bought this product for my newborn grandson (who wasn't keen on his 'regular' pacifier), having seen my other grandchildren loving their Natursutten pacifier. The shape seems to suit the baby's mouth & helps soothe them almost instantly when they are fractious. I would recommend this product to others without hesitation.|pos
This adorable giraffe has a functional design.  I'm told this is a must have for babies! Cant wait to find out!!!|pos
I love this product. My son will only take a soothie pacifier but he has a hard time keeping it in on his own. This solved that problem. Now he even holds onto it and pets the puppy as he's falling asleep:)|pos
I ordered this a few months ago and put it away, thinking that I would open when I needed it. Well, my daughter was running a high fever the other night, and I opened this up, sanitized it, and TRIED to use it. It doesn't even turn on. I had to drag out the regular digital thermometer that she hates.|neg
This has taught our daughter to reach and grab for her pacifiers and return them to her mouth! Great for car rides because i can always locate it. I have bought these for friends and have a whole assortment for my daughter!|pos
This was a shower gift for a true Cowboy fans first baby! He Loved It !!! It was a real crowd pleaser and seems to please the baby too !!|pos
We thought a pacifier pocket was an unnecessary item before we had our first baby, but quickly realized it would be much nicer to have one than not to. Having this attached to our diaper bag sure beat wrapping our baby's pacifier in a small towel and sticking it in there!<br /><br />What I like about this particular one is that it's simple, sleek, cute, and is the perfect touch to my skip hop diaper back in the black onyx design. It also goes well with our skip hop wipes holder/dispenser in white with the red dot. We love this!|pos
I bought this for a baby shower gift. It was perfect since it's not a common product to find in stores. It was a hit and I'm glad I bought it.|pos
Aside it being adorable I can easily find it. Now that my baby is six months he shakes the monkey around too cute.|pos
I bought this because of its great reviews and was not disappointed.  It's easy to use and beats several little squirts of medicine that inevitably come out of her mouth.  It can bee kind of hard to close, but once you figure it out, it's not so bad.  Medicine can come out a little fast...  Haven't tried with the syringe yet...  My baby is 12 weeks old.|pos
So cute and my 3 month old daughter loves it.  I am going to buy a couple more of them!!|pos
My granddaughter loves it. Love it. This is exactly what I was looking for. I am sure it will serve me well for many years.|pos
my son absolutely loves this.  It is the only pacifier he will use.  He uses it as something to cuddle with.  Only problem is he won't take any other pacifiers and we have to bring this everywhere we go.|pos
I love this pacifier & so does my little one.  I guess he loves all the attention he gets when he has this in his mouth.  People are always doing a double take as they pass us by and then start to giggle. I use a paci clip that you can attach to the little holes on either side of the pacifier so my son doesn't lose it.|pos
The soothie pacifier we received from the hospital is the only one my baby will take, but he's always losing it in his carseat when I can't stop and give it back to him.  The Wubbanub is perfect because it gives him the paci he loves and allows him to hold his 'toy' and he's learning to put it back in his mouth by himself.|pos
The same pacifier that is given to you in hospitals. We lost our free one and had to buy replacements. My son never used any other kind but this one!|pos
The soothie pacifier we got at the hospital is the only one my little guy will take, but he constantly loses it in his carseat.  The Wubbanub allows him to enjoy the paci he loves while giving him a 'toy' to cling to...he's learning to put it back in his mouth on his own.|pos
Everything was perfect until they arrived. The only complaint I have is the color. I know it says colors may vary but I purchased for a boy and both were pink. I was hoping to get at least one suitable for a boy.|pos
My doula recommended these and we love them. We have ordered several more including glow in the dark ones!!  A great buy.|pos
My son loves his wubanub. He can grasp it easily. It' soft. We take it everywhere we go. Helps at night.|pos
These are the best pacifiers for the best price.  She started using these shortly after she was born.  They have a hole at the bottom that we can use to put a pacifier hook/string on. She likes to put her fingers in the holes.  These are the best.  There is no need to spend more money on the expensive pacifiers.  Our little 13 month old just started to bite through her pacifiers (she has 15 teeth) so we are replacing them now.|pos
I purchased this for my daughter as my 15 month old grandson did not like his temperature being taken. This thermometer works great. I can't say my grandson now loves having his temperature taken but this makes the chore much easier and quicker|pos
Love the wubbanubs!  My son has the monkey and we thought we'd get a second one just in case we lose it.  So, we got him this dragon because he was born in the Year of the Dragon.  He loves it and the arms and legs are long enough to tuck under the seat belt of his carseat.|pos
These are the absolute best pacifiers ever. They are similar to the soothie pacifiers, but these ones are softer, making them better for newborns and easier for them to keep in their mouths.|pos
I bought a couple WubbaNubs and they really help the little one keep the pacifier in her mouth.  My little one isn't old enough yet to find the WubbaNub and put it back in her mouth at night, but we find it helps when riding in her car seat, sitting in her swing or laying on the floor.  I definitely recommend this item.|pos
Safety first has made giving meds much easer for your little ones. No one wants to hold down a child and try and spoon the meds into a closed mouth. Now with this little pacifier you don't have to do that. Most babies are used to a pacifier and will just take it right away. The most unique to give meds. Way to go Safety First you rock.|pos
I think these pacifiers are perfect. But I think anyone with kids knows that anyone can say whatever they want about a pacifier, it all depends on what your child likes.  But these are durable and colorful and safe.|pos
This is the best idea ever, my son is 4 months old and he loves his pacifier but still so small and has a hard time keeping it in his mouth, but with this nifty thing he keeps it in his mouth. When I would be riding in the front seat I would have to reach my arm into the back seat and hold the pacifier in his mouth almost the whole ride by the time we reached our destination I couldn't feel my arm. Now I just lay one of these on his chest and even if he falls asleep it doesn't fall out of his mouth so if he starts trying to suck again it's still right there for him.|pos
These are major lifesavers when it comes to keeping your infant asleep when needed! They are durable and convienient. Even after the pacifier stage they have a stuffed animal for comfort.|pos
Great delivery time and product was in perfect condition. This helps with keeping the binkey in my newborn's mouth or at least in close enough range to where he can get to it.|pos
I haven't gotten to use it yet. Purchased for my future granddaughter. I believe both baby and mother will love. It looks exactly like the photo|pos
We were looking for a pacifier for our 6 month old that was ok for a growing mouth and this did the trick. She uses it only at night but it fits her mouth well.|pos
It looks just as cute as in the picture. Haven't gotten to use it yet. Purchased for my daughter who is expecting a baby girl. I think they will both will be pleased with it.|pos
It is great to have this used instead of fingers or thumbs since it can be taken away later. This pacifier really seems to help with the teething. We actually put one in the freezer and then give it to the baby when he is teething. It works. We have tried a different pacifier and he did not even want it.<br />Now that he is old enough to hold his pacifier, he also takes it out and sometimes teethes on the side of the pacifier.|pos
My grandson has this same monkey as his favorite stuffed animal except this is smaller.  When I found this Monkey Wubbanub on amazon, I had to get it for him.  He loves it!  It is so nice to have a pacifier attached to something.  It is rarely on the floor.  I bought this for him when he was 3 months old and he's 51/2 months now and he still loves it!|pos
My Boy Loves His Wubbanub Pacifier, he enjoys the dragon so much, just wish it was easier to clean or sanitize.|pos
i love it if baby loves it. Nothing like a plug to satisfy little sweetie when he's fussing, and this one seems to do the trick.|pos
My wife like them more than the baby himself. But he really likes them too, because he spends hours sucking them, unless he's hungry and spit them out.|pos
My grandchildren absolutely adore their Wubbanubs.  They give the child tactile comfort, as each one is very soft and plush.  Also it gives the child something to hold onto as they utilize it.  I'd recommend all varieties of this product.  This one is a gift for Easter, but, another favorite is the giraffe.|pos
Recently purchased this for a friend's new baby.  He is three weeks old and previously wouldn't take a pacifier.  She gave him this and he contently kept it in for over an hour!|pos
A great gift for the newborn - and their parents!  If you don't know what to give, this will do it!|pos
This style of pacifier ended up being our first child's favorite &#34;binky&#34;.  We were not able to attach it to the standard clips so we spent lots of time chasing it around and then cleaning it whenever it dropped on the ground.  I saw someone with a WubbaNub after my first child had given up pacifiers.  I made sure to buy two of these for my second child and he loved it.  It gives them something to cuddle and hang on to while they suck away.<br /><br />I recommend these for any parent open to pacifiers.|pos
My grandson loves the wubbanubs that he has and I am sure he will love this one that I will put in his Easter basket|pos
The product was smaller than what I expected and looked cheap was not worth the price.  Very disappointed specially because it was a gift|neg
Pacifiers can be so boring, right?  If you want to add some `funny' to you and your child's day as well as getting plenty of smiles and laughs, you have to check out the Stachifier.  Geared for babies and toddlers between the ages of 6-36 months, the Stachifier is a natural orthodontic shaped silicone pacifier that is BPA free.  Did I mention it is HILARIOUS?|pos
I purchased these for my granddaughter who isn't here yet.I'm sure she'll gets lots of use out them.They look like they would be the right size for a newborn.|pos
My son uses this pacifier daily. The skull has NOT rubbed off like some of the other reviews stated and I wash it several times a day so I would say it's good quality. The nipple is similar to a Nuk pacifiers.|pos
These are just such a great invention!<br /><br />The materials is so soft and it's a nice color.<br />Baby likes to hold it and &#34;pet&#34; it - it seems to relax her.  She's teething and will sometimes gnaw on the feet or ears of the elephant - it's held up very well to this.<br /><br />Would recommend|pos
My grandson has every wubba nub made and this one just added to his collection and he loved it.  Very pleased.|pos
My granddaughter loves it. She can hold it to place the pacifier in her mouth----- a great idea. She also has a lamb.|pos
My uncle told me about these binkys and I'm glad he did cu they are awesome thank you and I highly reccomend this seller an brand|pos
We have several of these and continue to buy them for family members.  Great for new babies to keep the nuk in by just setting the animal on a blanket.  Great for toddlers because they put their own nuk in.  Easy clean, just throw in the washer and dryer.  Once there cracked just cut off the nuk and you have a toy still.  Win, Win.|pos
These straps worked great for us during a recent vacation. They also work well on our son's highchair and stroller. Great buy.|pos
My son will be teething soon and thus far he has rejected every brand of pacifier that we have tried. The GumDrop is well made with good quality silicone. It fits my son's face perfectly and leaves room for his little nose to breathe. He prefers licking on it and chewing rather than sucking... but at least he isn't spitting it out! I ordered a vanilla one as well and he seems to prefer that one over the unscented.|pos
This is a great gift for newborns.  They love to hold on to the animal! A timesaver for new parents!|pos
BPA free is a must.  Also one piece is a huge benefit.  Nothing gets nasty.  Buy at least three of them though.  Your child won't want another paci after she/he has this.  The only paci I would let my kids put near their mouths.|pos
These have been a total lifesaver for us! Our daughter got her first pacifier from the hospital where she was born, she has never taken to any other brand other than the soothie's, She had the worst time keeping it in her mouth and these have been amazing! They have now become her lovies and she can't be without them. It may be hard for her to give them up when we need to wean her from the binky. I HIGHLY recommend these to every new Mom.|pos
My daughter loves her WubbaNub. It's the perfect size for her tiny (4 mo) hands and it's soft enough for baby cuddles. The paci on the end is great. My only concern would be how to clean it properly, but paci wipes work well for now. I'm sure the body is washable I just haven't needed to find out (yet)|pos
We ordered this product specifically for the type of pacifier it had but found that the combination was excellent.  My grandson loves his so much we had to buy a second one so we could wash the original one once in a while.<br />Thank you!|pos
Our daughter is obsessed with her wubba. In fact so, we now have 3 of them for all areas of the house. I know they are a bit pricey for a pacifier, but worth every penny. She can even find it at night in her crib easily to self soothe!|pos
I'm giving only one star, because my baby absolutely hates these pacifiers. They are really long, oddly shaped andhard material and I cannot understand the good reviews. I undertand that babies are different (mine likes MAM), but my experience with these pacifiers was not good and therefore won't recommend getting them.|neg
We bought the wubbunub so it would stay on our sons chest while he was in his car seat. It didn't really work for that until he was around 3 months. Then the wubbunub became his best friend!!! It was a security blanket and binky all in one. The best part is that it has the soothie pacifier on it (which was the brand he loved).<br />Pros:<br />- Easy to find in a bag because its bigger than a regular binky.<br />- Easy for a baby to find when they want their binky.<br />- Easy to wash: I just threw it in the wash when I washed his clothes.<br />- You can easily seam rip the binky off when you're ready to wean the binky and your child can still have their security toy.|pos
My son has always loved the paci he got from the hospital. And so we're thrilled that it's available in store and on Amazon.|pos
The elephant wubbanub is perfect for every little girl. it's always easy to find and is easy for the kiddos to hold on to. I would recommend.|pos
What can I say my daughter after coming from the hospital just fell in love with this style of pacifier and doesn't want anything else. Shipping was quick and the price was excellent!|pos
She used it to help her go to sleep and she likes it. Water get's into the nipple when washing so just need to squeeze the nipple to get the water out and then push the nipple to one side and while holding in that position shake the water out. This works well to keep the paci clean.|pos
The description was not clear enough to know this was a pacifier for newborns.  I was looking for a specific size and shape and had to take a gamble to see if it was what I was looking for.  I lost and wasted my money from my perspective.|neg
great for the price, my baby loves this ones, now I have plenty of them. Thank you for a great pacifier|pos
My baby cant use it yet since her mouth is so small, but I have had one before with my son when he was a baby... Can't wait to see her with it...|pos
Love these things :)  I don't know what I would do without them.  My daughter loves them also.  They are easy for her to put in her mouth if she drops it.|pos
Our son had used the silicon pacifiers previously, until we discovered this natural rubber pacifier. I was nervous that he would reject them because he had been using the other ones for almost a year. He took to them, to my surprise and happiness, without a single problem! We love them!!|pos
I brought this for my 1mo old grandaughter because she is always grabbing and reaching for things, mainly her face. This worked wonders:) Perfect and Adorable!!!!|pos
My son was born in 2012- year of the dragon, so this was perfect!  It's absolutely adorable and very detailed with the cute blue wings which is ideal for a boy.|pos
My baby loves this pacifier.<br />She refuses all other brands.<br />They have different colors so I know which one I have washed recently and I switch them out on a regular basis.|pos
These are just like the ones that they give you at the hospital. But there are no more smooshed noses LOL|pos
These are the only pacifiers my baby will take & not spit out. They are great for smaller mouths & don't have the huge mouth shield that covers up their nose like some do.|pos
I will buy one of these WubbaNubs for every baby shower in my future.  My baby prefers the soothie style pacifier but could not hold it in her mouth on her own.  The turtle holds it in for her, or nearby, so she can replace it in her mouth when it falls out.  Also the  plushie is great for practicing holding onto toys and using hand muscles.  She sometimes likes to chew or suck on the plush part, so it gives a variety of textures for baby's development.|pos
This was the perfect gag gift for my sis in law. It's really an inside joke but i could not pass it up. A little on the high side in price. If they sold it in stores would be much more worth it but cute and funny served the purpose.|pos
I love this binky! I bought this binky because my daughter had a rash around her mouth from other pacifiers and saw this which did not touch her face at all....and within 2 days the rash was gone. Now my baby has her safety blanket and her beautiful face back.|pos
I wish I would have bought this sooner!  It's a life saver if you have a child who is pacifier dependent!  If your child spits it out while driving  You can find it with ease and stick it back in their mouth.  Plus it acts as a stuffed animal helping them sleep better at night.|pos
the best pacifiers for babies. my younger 2 only took these as bitty babies.  its hard to attach paci-catchers to these without an adapter, but not impossible :D|pos
My daughter loves her WubbaNub. And it is so nice that I don't have to search for her binkie anymore.|pos
Got this one as a present for my sister in law but my son had them when he was tiny.  They are the perfect size to fit in their hands and hold in their mouth and adorable.  I only wish you could replace the pacifier - we had a dog who liked to chew them!|pos
I have been using the product for my son. So  am happy to be able to get it as i have not found it in my country.|pos
My 2nd son was collicky and in desperate need to find something to soothe him I bought almost every type of pacifier I could find.  He didn't end up taking to any pacifiers but my 3rd son ended up preferring these pacifiers over all of the others.  He is breastfed and this pacifier really does seem more natural than any others I have seen.  They are flexible and gentle.  He loves them and won't take anything else.|pos
WubbaNubs are a genius idea! I wish I'd thought of it! And so cute! We have the elephant and the giraffe, and between the two they have saved hours of my searching under sofas and chairs for stray soothies! As soon as they arrived in the mail the soothies from the hospital when right into a drawer and have stayed there! Now that my little one is older he loves to use the soothie sideways as a teething toy, which he absolutely favors over all the other fancy teething toys I've purchased! Now if only they made some more fun animals, like a turtle or a fish, I've have a lot more!|pos
Darling pacifier!  It is functional as well as precious!  I think every little, &#34;Princess In Training&#34; should have this pacifier!|pos
These are our favorite, after trying a few different styles. Why?<br />* The shield curves away from the face on the whole outer edge, so this pacifier doesn't leave an imprint on our baby's face as many other pacifiers do (e.g. NUK pacifiers).<br />* Stays in her mouth better than Soothies.<br />* Comes with a cover that keeps the pacifier clean when it's stuffed in a pocket or in her diaper bag.<br />* It's reversible, unlike the NUKs, so it's never upside-down in her mouth.<br />* The loop handle makes it easier for adults to pick up. Unfortunately, it also makes it easier for our baby to pull out of her mouth by accident.<br />* BPA-free, of course.|pos
This arrived super quick, in good condition.  The pacifier is cute, as we ordered another one of these 2.5 years ago for our daughter.  That one has stood the test of time as it is still in one piece! My baby loves it and he is always looking for it.  Babies absolutely adore these pacifiers.|pos
they are just the size for my girl, it reached on time with their covers i really loved they way they look on her|pos
Baby loves this turtle and so do we.....no more lost pacifier! Very soft and well made. I would highly  recommend this!|pos
This is the only pacifier my daughter will take. We used to have the rounded version without the butterfly shaping and she didn't care for them. These seem more comfortable.|pos
Every Princess' baby daughter needs a Princess pacifier to begin her reign!  Pretty white and pastel pink coloring with glitter and a crown emblem on the front!|pos
This pacifier is so adorable. Brought it for my then ten month old baby. Definitely an attention getter and does it's job as a &#34;mute button.&#34; Haha.|pos
much cheaper alternative to the medela breastpump wipes- perfect size.  Also place throughout the house for quick pacifier clean. Will order again|pos
We first found these three years ago when our first was a baby. They are so cute, but are really great because it is harder to lose than just a soothie. They can not roll out of the crib in the middke of the night and a child can easily find it in their crib and put it back in their mouth when they want it. My daughter is two and still has hers, but she got a hold in the soothie part and was very upset. It wpuld be nice to be able to change those out. We just sewed a new one on. It doesn't look that great but she loves it!|pos
It's awesome.  Come on, it's a pacifier that makes your baby look like a vampire.  What's not to love?  It seems to be pretty sturdy and well made.  If your kiddo insists on wandering around with a pacifier, this one makes things more fun for mom!|pos
great product. It helps my situation. I have a daycare and infants when they are really young they do not know how to hold anything yet but the little toys with it will at least hold it in place for a while.|pos
This is a very cute piece that works better than traditional pacifier holders. It doesn't pinch clothing and leave marks, rather rest on the baby. Works as a pacifier holder and give baby a little friend to hold onto and cuddle with.|pos
This is my daughter's favorite pacifier because it is just like the one she had in the hospital, it is my favorite pacifier because she can hold it herself! Well constructed, washes easily.|pos
I bought this for my 5 month old nephew and he absolutely love it. He grabs it and play with it.  I would definitely recommend it.|pos
I bought this for my 5 month old nephew and he absolutely love it. He grabs it and play with it.  I would definitely recommend it.|pos
These pacifier animals are small enough for little hands to hold and examine, are bright and colorful and soft, and the pacifier is just right for teething, chewing and soothing.  My granddaughter absolutely LOVES these!|pos
We understand that the listing specifies colors vary but we thought they'd at least be neutral colors.  We received two hot pink pacifiers for a boy.  It really isn't that hard to create multiple listings for the various colors.  Shame on us for believing that the colors shown might be the colors delivered.  Do not buy from seller until they fix the listings.|neg
Everyone just thinks this thing is the best. He is soooo cute! Out little boy loves it as well, though at 12 weeks, he is starting to associate it with bedtime and fights like no other! The only thing I worry about is how to wash it? The paci dos not disconnect from the stuffy.|pos
I have tried pretty much all types of paci straps and this is by far our favorite. The clip is easy to use and stays well, even when baby pulls on it. The other end is just a loop and works on all pacis that have a ring. Only bummer is it doesn't work on the newer fancy pacis that don't have rings. We just don't take that kind out of the house, so we don't need it.|pos
My son had to have testing done in the hospital and these things kept him calm through the nine hours of it.  They are great.  I wish I would have known about these from the beginning.  If you are cleaning them I suggest soap and hot water.  I boiled 2 and they lost most of the smell.  The nurses told me the smell should last about a month, and it seems to.  These are wonderful for soothing.|pos
We got one of these when my daughter was only a few months old. She is almost 2 now and has to have the Wubbanub when she goes to sleep. It's like her best friend. Although she doesn't use the pacifier feature anymore, it's still a toy that provides her comfort. We named him George after Curious George. Great buy!|pos
So happy I got one of these! My little girl finally can keep it in her mouth! Plus it's cute|pos
My daughter has always been partial to dragons, and when I saw this for my little granddaughter, I just HAD to get it!  She chews on it, examines it, sucks on the pacifier, and bites its feet.  It's small and easily held by a less-than 6 month old who's just learning to grasp toys, and it's brightly colored and eye-catching.  Great toy for infants!|pos
I got this as one of the gifts at a baby shower I went to and it was the hit of the party,|pos
Looks good hanging off the side of the nappy (diaper) bag and you always know where the dummy (pacifier) is.|pos
My daughter loves these pacifiers in the 0 month size. The 3 month size are so thick she can't even keep them in her mouth when she's sucking. They aren't pliable at all and they're completely unusable for us.|neg
After a month of life and being given only the breast or a pinky from her mom or dad....this is the ONLY binky our daughter will take. I love that it's all one piece and easily washable/sanitizable.|pos
Does what I need it to do... Works great! I wish I whould have got one five children ago. So cute|pos
I have 9 month old twins and these are the ONLY nuks that one of them will take. I only wish they came in all pink or more girly colors.|pos
Amazing, my son holds onto this thing better than any other pacifier, he loves it, and it has actually helped his motor skills develop!!!!|pos
This is by far the cutest wubbanub my son has. We have used these since he's been home from the hospital and he loves them. They seem to be very strong to his teething and biting and super easy to just throw in the wash with clothes on hot water.|pos
My daughter loves it, we got this one as a second one because she loved the first one so much (ella bella).  Also bought as shower gifts for all my friends|pos
Really cute.  Baby loves it, great for pictures and you'll get lots of comments when your baby is &#34;plugged in&#34;!|pos
I bought this for my son and am exclusively breastfeeding.  I wanted a paci for the times when he just wanted to suck.  He loves this paci and it hasn't caused nipple confusion for us at all.  I'd recommend this for sure to any mom or dad:)  And also the wubbanub...:)|pos
This is the only passy my 6 wk old will take.  I think it resembles a real nipple the most and promotes her to suck in the same way she would latch on.|pos
Seemed to be a good product - bought as a gift for an Angel Tree in our church.  Product seemed to be exactly as promised.|pos
Our little girl loves her turtle. We named him Bruno and he works just as advertised, she has even started holding on to the turtle as she uses the pacifier, but when she's not holding him he stays right there and doesn't fall out. Great idea for a product and excellent follow-through to make it a great product.|pos
I have one wubbanub from my sons birth ad these are no where near the same quality! He doesn't like them like he does the hospital one. No as heavy as the hospital ones!|neg
i really wanted to like this, but it was always falling off, making the thing pointless.  will now have to look for something more expensive that actually does the job.|neg
same exact as the pink/purple/blue/green ones found at walmart and target. never seen the yellow ones so we had to get them!|pos
my son and this look obscenely cute and I love how promptly it came. Can't wait for long road trips with my little man<br /><br />UPDATE!<br /><br />I've noticed a lot of reviews that have said that the toy doesn't wash well. I've had this binky for several months, thrown it in the wash and dryer and he's been just fine. It might be the type of detergent that's being used but I use the Tide Pods and I haven't had a single issue with Mr. Bull. :)|pos
that was the only one pacyfier for my douther, she didn't use any difrent because their felt from her mouth she used the one from 0-6 months, so i keep going with that one<br />love it|pos
Perfect size, and just too cute! Baby is coming soon, but I'm sure he'll love it as much as I do!|pos
This is the 2nd one we've bought for our daughter, she just loves them in the swing and carseat! The dragon was a fun one to pick.|pos
great pacifiers and these do glow in the dark for a period of time, which made them easier to find.|pos
best ever tho my son now will only take his connected to stuffed animal on his wub a nub they are very worth it and should try , we use the singles as back up in diaper bags and in the bathtub|pos
These were an excellent pacifier choice from the many different choices out there. They lasted long and the babies loved them.|pos
Made well but a good humor piece for the baby shower and something fun for the parents to use later on.|pos
Very useful for tethering toys to the high chair at restaurants and wherever.  Like that there are multiple snaps so you can adjust the length.|pos
These are my daughter's pacifier of choice.  We still can't live without them.  I like that they don't have a right side up, and it is nice that the are orthodontic approved.  We need to cut the habit soon, but are in the middle of moving...so until that is over...we will be purchasing more pacifiers, as she tends to lose them regularly.|pos
my newborn is very picky , he loves this pacifier a lot. and it is durable, looks a bit weird when baby latching on it. but it is sturdy construction is safe and make me worry free.|pos
Our daughter loves this binky, she only gets this binky at nap times or bed time so she looks forward to it, and the best part? Because of the little stuffed animal, she has an easier time keeping the binky in her mouth, and if it falls out she can manage to sometimes place it back into her mouth, and she's only 4 months old! We love it, the only thing not so great is the price, it should be more in the $8.99 range so it doesn't make you feel so ripped off. I'd still buy some in the future though.|pos
I just had my 3rd baby a couple of weeks ago and have been using these pacifiers since we were still in the hospital. My baby nurses like a pro and doesn't have any issues with latching on or any indication there might be a problem with nipple confusion. These pacifiers were the ones the lactation nurses liked too. I like these better than the original soothies because the shape doesn't appear to interfere with his breathing like I always feared the round pacifiers would with my other children. These are definitely the baby's preferred pacifiers as well.|pos
Whoever invented this is a genius!! The stuffed animal helps it stays put and not fall in the floor or get lost in the bedding etc.  And once the baby gets a little older and has more coordination the stuffed animal is a big help with enabling the child to hold on to and manipulate the binky. Great product!!!|pos
My daughter is very picky about pacifiers these are the only ones she will take i orderd a 5 pack and they all came individually wrapped which was nice because i could just open one at a time. Very good price also|pos
I finally bought one of these for my second child.  With my first during sleep training, I was constantly getting up in the middle of the night to make sure the pacifier stayed, and I feel like it my first heavily relied on the pacifier to go to sleep.  Now that I have this, the weight of the giraffe allows the pacifier to stay near #2's mouth - if she moves her head and loses the pacifier, she can easily find it, or it stays with her.  Also, #2 sucks on the pacifier then turns her head and goes to sleep - I feel like the fact that the pacifier is so near she can use it when needed but then spit it out and fall asleep.<br /><br />The actual product was smaller and more lightweight than I anticipated, but I do love this product.  I only leave it at home, and take different pacifiers out of the house.|pos
I ordered for my great grand daughter because she likes monkeys-easy to keep up with pacifier because she likes to throw it-|pos
This is so adorable. My husband is a huge FL Gators fan and this was just perfect for our son!|pos
We have a newborn who absolutely loves these.  He will not use any other pacifier than these.  Anything else goes in, he spits em right out!  Our older daughter was the same way!  Quality made, durable and worth the money.  If you're looking for baby pacifiers, these are the ones you need to get!|pos
My little one has not been a huge fan of pacifiers but he absolutely loved his little giraffe. #1 You can't loose it so easily #2 It's very light weight (I've heard some people actually mention they wouldn't buy it because they didn't think they were safe ... NOT TRUE) #3 If your little one is like mine and doesn't actually care for the paci so much, they have plenty of legs to chew on and make their little gums feel better. :)|pos
These are by far our favorite pacis for DS. Close when dropped, what more could you ask for in a pacifier!|pos
I bought one for my nephew and wound up buying a few more for friends because they were so cute!|pos
My daughter LOVES her WubbaNub's! We have purchased 6 different types so far. She will not use anything else.<br /><br />PERFECT GIFT for anyone who is expecting!!!|pos
My daughter LOVES her WubbaNub's! We have purchased 6 different types so far. She will not use anything else.<br /><br />PERFECT GIFT for anyone who is expecting!!!|pos
Love, Love, Love!  She is able to get the soothie back in her mouth on her own.  Excellent product, would buy again!|pos
My daughter LOVES her WubbaNub's! We have purchased 6 different types so far. She will not use anything else.<br /><br />PERFECT GIFT for anyone who is expecting!!!|pos
This type of pacifier is the only one our baby would suck on. If you've ever used this pacifier though, you know that it has a tendency to fall out....a lot. The little toy can be set on the child's stomach and provides enough stability that it keeps the pacifier in his mouth. The only drawback is that you can't sterilize the pacifier because of the toy, you can only hand wash the pacifier part with soap.|pos
You can tell its her favorite out of all the pacifiers, went ahead and ordered a few more because we keep losing it.|pos
My baby is 3 mos old and we introduced a pacifier around 4 weeks.  It took exactly 2 nights of trying to find spit out pacifiers on the floor before we ordered a Wubba Nub.  He loves that he can hold onto the soft stuffed animal, and I love that it's much harder for him to launch this across the room.  As he's gotten bigger, he can now navigate the pacifier into his mouth by holding on to the Dino and it helps him put himself back to sleep.  I wash it frequently since he takes it to daycare, and it has held up very well in the washing machine.  This is my new go to product for all my new mom friends!|pos
my baby loves it. I received this pretty quick and was very satisfied. this is small and easy to take along with us everywhere.|pos
Let me start out by saying we are not a big pacifier house.  However...we do use them until our babies are about 3 months.  We bought these to have a few extras around the house.  They are the same as the ones they use at the hospital.|pos
Our granddaughter has long outgrown these, and I forgot to write a review, but this was a great product that we loved.|pos
My baby never took to pacifiers which was a real bummer. I can't tell you pros and cons but I gave it 5 stars because it's still really cute.|pos
This is the cutest little thing for my daughter. She already loves touching it, and feeling the legs, ears, and textures. She is only 2 and a half months, and this is teaching her how to hold things, and put it in her mkouch. It is very convenient! The picture makes it look like it's big, but it's actually very tiny. I would say about 4 inches. It is the perfect size.|pos
These are a lifesaver. The baby throws every toy off his high chair or at a table at a restaurant, which means constantly picking them up and picking up dirty toys. They also work great on strollers. I have already purchased more!|pos
So sad that this WubbaNub is useless for us.  Our older daughter has had the Clifford one since she was a newborn and it was wonderful so we bought this one for baby #2.  It is useless though!  It has no weight to it so it doesn't stay in her mouth or on her chest and instead she pushes it out with every movement of her hands.  It stays in LESS than a regular pacifier.  Boo!  A friend is giving us the lamb and I hope that one is better.|neg
My daughter loves this product and it is so cute. She can easily hold it and put it in her mouth without help. It is never lost.|pos
Got this for my granddaughter and was worried it might not be as good as the other Wubbanubs because of the extra piece of material attaching the caterpillar to the pacifier.  She still needs help sometimes getting these pacifiers in her mouth, but the flexibility of this Wubbanub with the extra material actually makes it easier for her to get and keep this pacifier in her mouth.  Usually one would think caterpillars would be more of a boy preference, but the colors of the caterpillar and the caterpillar itself deserves the name Cutsie because that's exactly what it is.  Even though Wubbanubs are expensive, they are a wonderful aid allowing babies to find and get their pacifiers into their mouths.  I have been happy with my Wubbanub purchases.|pos
cutest binky ever<br />wubbanubs have so many to pick from and they are all cute<br />have bought several more for gifts and self|pos
I ordered this for my great grand baby. She loves it - in fact it is about the only pacifier she will take. I would definitely recommend it to anyone with a new baby.|pos
The binky main part is too big to put in my baby's mouth and the wing is to too big as well as it cover her nose. I dont use it in the end. Regret bought it.|neg
These pacifiers are awesome. My son loves them so much and they calm him down almost immediately unless he's hungry of course.|pos
We have bought at least 20 of these pacifiers because he will not use anything else.  They are easy to clean and attach a holder.|pos
I mean really, whats not to love? We bought this as part of a baby shower gift. Future parents loved it.|pos
:)|pos
My daughter lives her soothies.  They seem to be the only pacifiers she will actually keep in her mouth for long enough to calm herself.  Only down side is they do not have covers, so the pacifier can get kind of dirty...meaning you can't just throw Ina diaper bag and/or stroller.|pos
These are the only pacifiers my breastfed son will take.  I think the shape is easier for breastfed babies' mouths to make the transition.|pos
My baby loves these! It's nice because the binkie stays in their mouth when they are little, and gives them something to grab onto as they get older.|pos
This is the standard symmetrical ortho nipple design. My baby preferred Nuk first, but now likes this one too. I love that, unlike Nuk, this one curves outward, so it doesn't leave a ring on my baby's fat cheeks. It also has plenty of holes for airflow so it doesn't irritate.|pos
With twin baby girls, we found that these are a great option when time for bed and when travelling. We also purchased wubanubs with great success, but these are larger and have an interchangeable pacifier end. This company also sent us the firmer replacements for free a few months ago. Only complaint coulkd be that there is no lock to keep the pacifier in place. We sewed ours on and it worked with no issues.|pos
We originally bought a tabby kitten wubbanub so it would be easier to find at night than the smaller pacifiers we had been using. My baby took to it so well that it became the only one she wanted. So we chose the pink elephant for an extra pacifier. She loves them both equally and both are really cute. It's not hard to spot clean the animal part & wash the pacifier part. At 2 months baby would sometimes get ahold of the legs & pull it out of her mouth to her dismay but now at 3 months she can grab ahold of it & stick it into her mouth if she wants. She also likes just holding onto the toy part. Highly recommend this pacifier.|pos
They are very cute, and I like this brand for my twins niece and nephew. I got those as a present.|pos
LOVE IT!!!!! My only complaint is that it doesn't have a paci cover...but still bought a couple of them and baby loves it!|pos
i bought this for my grandson. He loves it and has to have it all the time.  I ordered some more too.|pos
Very cute. My child isn't a big pacifier fan but I bought it because it's so cute.<br />A good buy.|pos
The little man enjoys it. It is just hard to make sure the little dog does not think it is his toy. :)|pos
Our daughter is six months old and LOVES her Wubby.  She can get it in and out of her mouth easily in the car or at home, which is great.  If she sees it somewhere, she will focus on it until she gets it. She absolutely loves this thing. We bought two more (another elephant and a caterpillar). The elephant is my favorite because it's body is bigger and easier for her to grab. Basically, if we were stuck on a desert island and only allowed one baby item, this would be it. No question about it.|pos
I originally got some of these pacifiers when my son was first born and he would take them just as well as the hospital pacifiers.  The pacifiers from the hospital are softer but he did not seem to care.  As soon as he started trying to teethe(around 5 months) these were even better because they were thicker than the ones from the hospital.  He loves these pacifiers and chews on them all he wants when he is teething and they hold up great.  I would highly recommend these to anyone.|pos
Our baby is breastfeeding and had found his hands so we were afraid he wouldn't take a soother, or it may interfere with feeding....but he took it immediately and loves it, plus he is still feeding like a champ! He doesn't drool as much with these ones as the orthodontic shape, and its pretty cool that you can see in his mouth as he sucks because the back is open.|pos
My baby loves this pacifier. If we try to give him other he spits them out. Apparently they are good?|pos
A great soothie, very sturdy and durable. My baby loves this and will not go anywhere without it. I love that it is a bright color so its really hard to misplace it, unlike other ones that I have had which my kid would lose or hid frequently. I definitely recommend this pacifier!!|pos
My Daughter loves this, but more for the bright colors than the pacifier function. its a nice little toy for her keep in her crib|pos
So cute, my nephew took to it right away. Also easy to find if dropped.  Would definitely buy one again.|pos
These are a great buy, great product. I love these but my baby girl decided for the thumb instead of the paci|pos
Godchildren love the products NUK has wonderful products. The only issue was the site should allow customers to select the color.|pos
We have always been familiar with the Vanilla Soothie pacifiers as they are given out by the hospital we delivered at. We used them with our first child back in 2006 and have continued the tradition with our more recent arrival. Our kids have NOT liked any other pacifiers and were extremely fickle as to which one they take, but the Soothies have never failed us.<br /><br />I have never had one of the pacifiers degrade in any way. Generally we toss them long before that point (shortly after the Vanilla scent goes away), so we can definitely attest to the durability of the pacifiers. Completely worth every penny spent!|pos
She loves these pacifiers. They seem to just make her feel so much better. All the fussing stops as long as we keep her Avent nearby.|pos
This is the only pacifier my daughter will use and the caterpillar is so cute! The shape makes it easy for her to get her hands on, which at 6 weeks is amazing. I know other people who have wubbanubs and they love them too!|pos
My son absolutely LOVED this pacifier. I wish I knew about it with my other two kids! It is so adorable & easier to find for me & the baby!|pos
Fast ship, great price on this pacifier! I was looking for something different for a baby shower and this went over great!|pos
Was a present for my new great-nephew, and per his mother, he loves it!  Seems to calm and quiet him.|pos
I scoffed at these when I first saw them online, but was compelled to check it out after reading rave review one after another. They're the best. They are easy to find, they don't roll when they hit the ground, and much easier for my daughter to get in her mouth on her own. We have two for wash days and I couldn't live without them.|pos
i order this because it is BPA free , not some other products that are not BPA free,<br />shipped faster than expected.|pos
This is the first soother that my daughter ever used. Just the right size for newborn baby's mouth! Plus, only weeks after she was born, she was able to hold onto it herself because of the attached teddy! She grew out of it by 3 months of age though as the spout/knob part that goes into baby's mouth was too small and/or just wasn't a comfortable suck anymore.|pos
This pacifier was definitely one of my best finds while registering for gifts.  It's our go-to car seat pacifier.  It sits on her chest well, making it easier for her to recover after spitting it out accidentally and making it less likely to fall on the floor.  The elephant gives me something to easily grab from the drivers seat while reaching back as she cries on her way home from daycare.  Suprisingly, it also helped in her development of learning how to reach/grab and becoming more coordinated.  She's now four months old and still loves this Soothie pacifier, although she also uses MAM pacifiers in the house.  I held out for a couple months, but just gave in and purchased another WubbaNub last week.<br /><br />It would be wonderful if the pacifier could be separated from the animal for easier cleaning, but this doesn't deter me from recommending it to all of my friends.|pos
My son is 2.5 and still has to have these everynight.  SO 5 stars it is these put him to bed peacefully everynight..... I know we are needing to get rid of them I just dread the day we dont have them. lol.|pos
If your child likes a binky, then this product is for you. It is a lifesaver on long car rides - prevents mom or dad from having to fumble around in the car seat for a lost binky. It stays on baby's chest, and she can even put it back in all by herself sometimes (3 months old). It's also easy to clean and very cute. Love the WubbaNub... I just wish I had thought of it first! :)|pos
Can't stop laughing. Such a cute idea. Great gift. My 15 month hasn't taken it out since I put it in an hour ago. So adorable. Lots of laughs on the afternoon walk today :)|pos
Great product was exactly what I was looking for. Fast service will recommend to others. I will be leaving more from this company.|pos
Bought this for grandson. Had one just like it for my son when a baby and it was his fav thing as it is with my grandson. Very flexible and well made.  Highly recommend.|pos
I could have gotten this stuffed bear from the dollar store! its not soft at all, overstuffed so my child cannot even use it, and the material is so awful and cheaply made that it already has a hole in it. don't waste your money.|neg
The kid loves it in the car when we are driving. This is a great product for a baby thanks.|pos
These are the exact same Pacifiers that come from the NIC-U (Hospital). Our little one got used to this one and only this one. therefore we needed more.|pos
bgh or my new born - e s 6 months old nw, still loves it!  Always easy to find and baby loves to cuddle it!|pos
I first saw these when my first granddaughter was born but never purchased.  I bought one for my grandson and it is great.  He loves to hold the animal and it helps to keep track of his pacifier.  There are no loose or small pieces on the animal to worry about.  Great idea.|pos
I love these wubbanub's. this one is super cute girly and durable! My 15month old has no<br />Problum trying to find it in her crib when she is sleeping. It's awsome!|pos
bgh or my new born - e s 6 months old nw, still loves it!  Always easy to find and baby loves to cuddle it!|pos
These pacis are great, my daughter was originally hooked on the Avent classic ones but I hated that they had different parts to them that trapped water. I much preferred the all in one design of the soothies or gumdrop pacis, much easier to clean as they are all one piece but my daughter HATED their nipple. These are like the combined best of each, the nipple is a classic style but you get the all in one silicone design of the gumdrop!! They are also so cute. You won't regret these:)|pos
I love these pacifiers!  They don't get lost as easily and they are easy and fun for baby to grab.|pos
I am pleased with the product. My child does not care for it but he is just not a paci baby I guess.|pos
Fast shipment! Love the color and size for a newborn.  Great gift idea for the new little one in your life.|pos
My daughter absolutely loves this little monkey who we call George.  It has been her best buddy since she was about 4 months old and she's now 13 months. She does not care about any other pacifier except for this one and never has. If a baby could be addicted to something, our is addicted to George!  For those looking for a way to wash, I just throw him into the washing machine in a lingerie bag with the rest of her clothes and let him air dry.  My only concern is how we'll ever wean her off of him because this is definitely her lovey!|pos
i just bought a second wubbanub for my 12 month old son.  I bought the first one a year ago and the soothie is barely hanging on.  He loves walking around with the monkey.|pos
I received this item in blue color - it's different from the image they have on the image. I was expecting yellow ones. Had to return it.|neg
the single most used item we have ever gotten for our son we now own 6 of them makes it easier for him to manipulate and gets tons of compliments cuz its just so cute|pos
I had originally received this as a gift for one of my twins however after them arriving at 34weeks (6weeks) early I was conserned that it would be two big for her. However this is a little on the small side witch worked out perfectly because after being born the smallest of the two got down two 3 lbs. Also the nicu nurses love the convineance of being able to find the binky right away and that is light weight so they don't worry about it causing her any harm. Over all we love our wubbanubs!!!:) and would recomend to anyone and truely is the perfect baby shower gift!|pos
Love this little caterpillar.  I bought this for my niece, and she loves it.  Such a sweet little toy for her to play with while sucking her pacifier.|pos
Love the open space in the pacifier.  The space is less plastic to keep germs and more breathing room.  High quality, but hard to find in stores.  Love Amazon for that reason alone.|pos
my boys love these. it gives them a nice sense of security almost like linus' blanket. i bought multiple so that we didn't have to worry about where they were.|pos
We got this for our son when he was a few months old.  It has been with him every nap and bedtime.  He absolutely loves it.  And just as we were ready to break him of it (after two years) our son pulled and pulled on the paci and it separated from the Bevo and it was a great way to say Oh no...its broken  I am glad it wore out when it did.  Made the transition much easier!!|pos
These are the ONLY pacifiers my baby would take.  I have heard the same thing from many moms.  These are a must.|pos
My boys love these. It gives them a nice sense of security almost like Linus' blanket. I bought multiple so that we didn't have to worry about where they were.|pos
These are great, they were the only pacifiers my newborn would take.  They hold up good and are easy to disinfect.|pos
Life-saver!  Those nuk pacifiers drop and roll away, usually under something heavy. Problem solved with the wubanub. Easy to grip for little hands, and to clean.  There are many styles available so shop for one on sale - don't pay full price!|pos
I had purchased these at Target for my now 6yr old son when he was an infant. I loved them very much. when i got pregnant again I couldn't find them in any store and was very disappointed. However i found them on amazon and ordered them without any question. Received the same great product as before just a different look. me son was born early and is a little small so st first he chocked on them so we had to use a smaller different brand however at 4 months he has started taking them and seems to like them. I like these the best because they don't leave that awful ring around there mouth and the saliva doesn't lay there and cause an awful rash.|pos
$13 for a pacifier attached to a toy that I cannot remove and replace? ARE THEY NUTS?!! Anyone who would buy this has sucker written all over them! I used binky clips for all four of my kids and never had a problem with them. It made it easy to find it at night too. If your newborn baby is waking up every couple of hours searching for a nipple, they're probably hungry. Feed them instead of shoving a paci in their mouth! All of my newborns ate every couple of hours...they have tiny stomachs. I simply fail to see how this is not a suffocation hazard! They always says to keep blankets & stuffed animals away from babies faces!|neg
Would have liked to have this for my first two kids!  Got it for my third, just as he quit using a pacifier, of course!  None of our kids used the pacifier much over two months, but for those two months, it's nice to have any extra help you can get!  He doesn't use a pacifier now at 8 months, but I keep this in the diaper bag for him anyway.  He's teething and likes to have stuff to chew on!|pos
This product is exactly as described.  We really like the Kidz Med Non-Contact Thermometer and would certainly recommend it.  It takes a bit of getting use to it but works so much better than contact thermometers.|pos
For all three of our kids, soothie was the only paci they would accept. So, when we found this lovie and paci set we knew we'd like it! Our two month old enjoys the paci and will wrap her tiny hands around the little lamb lovie. I imagine this will quickly be the favorite for her!|pos
By the time I had my second child I was soberly aware of the dangers of BPA and many other plastics, so I sought out a natural rubber pacifier.  After a couple of duds, we found this.  It's great! My daughter is 18 months and still uses the small rounded size.<br /><br />First and foremost, it had to be safe.  And this is, in many different ways.  Made from natural rubber and oils, I am not concerned about contaminating plastics.  The shape is awesome; it cleans up easily and has no cracks for bacteria to hide when cleaning and sterilizing.  When it first comes out of the box, it is oily.  As others have mentioned, after you wash for the first time, instructions say to boil for a few minutes.  Let it cool and you'll see the oils have been tamed.<br /><br />My daughter loves this paci.  We once ran out of them after I noticed a crack on the side of the nipple (my fault - I let it go much longer than the recommended 6 weeks between replacement).  That was a very long a night.  I tried a few chemical laden replacements until I could get a new shipment in to no avail.<br /><br />All that being said, these are expensive.  And the cost doubles when you realize that you are supposed to replace them every 6 weeks or so.  Much longer than that and the pacifiers start to harden.  But for all the benefits, I will continue to use these and have some peace of mind knowing I am using the safest product.|pos
I bought these pacifiers for my daughter before she was born. I wasn't really sure what kind to get as I was a first time mom. I loved the fact that they are one complete piece, rather than the plastic piece and the rubber part. I feel like those can get gunk caught in them easier. This pacifier is still the ONLY one we use. They are kind of goofy looking while in her mouth, but she loves them, and I love that I don't have to worry about stuff getting caught in the creases of it. We will continue to use this pacifier as long as she uses one.|pos
Very good product, quality and finish.. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. ..|pos
My sister has triplets and they love this brand of pacifiers. It was nice to find a package of pink and purple gumdrops that was large enough to accommodate all three girls.|pos
I also like these as they are easy to find in the crib in the middle of the night because they glow in the dark.<br /><br />These hold up well to daily use and being put into the microwave sanitizer.<br /><br />These have become baby girls favorite. Pricing was fair.|pos
Love these binkies! While my daughter prefers the orthodontic ones, I couldn't review the rounded for any lower because these pacifiers are truly remarkable. My daughter has a tied tongue, not enough to get it snipped but we tried every binky out there and at 3mos old, took the jump to try a 6mo & up size. What a world of difference! If your LO has latching issues with binkies, try a size up. Best advice I can give! She's 5mos now and still loves these.|pos
Awesome gift for the Cardinal fan parent(s). Bought this for a male co-worker whose wife is expecting this summer. Unfortunately they are recommended for 3 months and up, so hopefully the baby could sport the pacifier during another WORLD SERIES? Here's to hoping!|pos
I bought this for our baby grandson. It is really soft and plush feeling. The sound it makes sounds exactly like an ultrasound of mom's tummy. It has a velcro strap that you can put on the crib, to lull the baby to sleep. Once the baby is older, you can remove the part that makes the noise and use it as bear to sleep with. It looked safe enough to me to let a small child play with. I checked the eyes on the bear and they felt very secure. I thought it was a great value because I wanted my grandson to have a teddy bear and also something that would help him go to sleep.I am a bear collector, so I am picky about the bears I like to buy. This looked more like the old fashioned looking teddy bears because I don't like the bears that have noses the size of a pig's snout. It comes really secured in its packaging and was in perfect shape on arrival. I thought it was an excellent choice for the price.|pos
These are so cute! We were so excited to find cute pacifiers in my daughters favorite brand. My girls each had a variety of Hello Kitty in their stockings for Christmas this year.|pos
Used for all three kids. No problems. We bought age specific ones as they aged. We trusted them because of the design.|pos
good for me are perfect<br />this is beautiful and i like it a lot<br />thanks for the puntuality on the shipment|pos
This bag looks better in person.  I love that it has an easy velcro closure and it holds up great.|pos
I wanted to surprise my daughter and son in-in-law with these pacifiers for my newborn grandson, because they are major White Sox Fans.  They thought they were so cute, that they're saving them for his memory box.  Great price for a great gift.|pos
My daughter loves her wubbanub. I thought it was very cute. She is 2 months old and can easily hold it and put it back in her mouth if it falls out. I am very satisfied with this purchase.|pos
this is the cutest thing I have ever seen, not only does it work but my 9 week old just loves it and can hold it on his chest at night and doe not loose it, when it does finally fall out it stays right next to him so he does not awake because he feels it fall.  just love love love it........|pos
My lil breastfeed one didn't at allo like this pacy just like the other 3 different brands I purchased... I had high hopes but epic fail.  the paci is sturdy and made nice just not for my infant....|pos
When my daughter was very little she loved this kind of pacifier, but it would always fall out of her mouth and she would get mad. I got this to help 'hold it in'. Of course shortly after she decided she no longer wanted a pacifier and turned into a &#34;thumb sucker at bedtime only&#34; kind of girl. However, she still LOVES to play with this. She chews on the pacifier as a teether, and likes to toss around the caterpillar. So even though we don't use it for it's intended purpose, I still highly recommend it. It's adorable!|pos
Minha filha comprou para os bebes que vao nascer. Foi indicado por varias pessoas,inclusive aqui no proprio Amazon. Ela vai usar quando os bebes nascerem se for preciso.|pos
My baby tried so many pacifiers, and this one is his favorite!! And it's so easy to wash it! I was so exited that I've found it on Amazon, cause every store I check, they only have 0-3 mths. Only Amazon has 3+|pos
This game was super fun to play at my baby shower. It got alot of people to laugh and participate in the game. :)|pos
These are just like the ones from the hospital. My daughter like these round type pacifier over the oval type. That was until three months later she rejected these and like the other style. One thing I didn't understand was the orange scent thing. I couldn't detect the scent at all. Maybe thats because it's not sitting in my mouth right up against my nose.<br />Also careful with the sizes. Don't but ones to large or to small.|pos
These are great, just like her others but have the Hello Kitty on the front.  Cute and fun.  Gets washed all the time and the image hasn't worn off.|pos
The limited edition WubbaNub set is great - so cute!  So glad to find them on amazon - have'nt seen them anywhere else.|pos
We got one of these when our daughter was born a few weeks ago and looked around to find some more. They're very hard to find in stores and mainstream brand has even copied the design and name (not sure if it was licensed?). The reviews on that product aren't ideal, but this pacifier is much softer and is one that my daughter will take much more than any others we've tried.|pos
What I like most about these is that they come with the covers that pop on and off easily so that the nipple itself stays protected.  They are nice and not at all flimsy like some of the other ones I have seen.  They do not irritate her mouth either.|pos
Our three-month-old absolutely loves his Wubby - it is great that it doesn't fall far when he spits out his paci, AND it's turning into a fun toy now that he's learning how to grasp.  He is so proud of himself when he is able to get it in his mouth by himself, and he loves holding onto the puppy's ears while he's falling asleep.<br /><br />We love that eventually we can cut the paci off and our little one will still have his comfort object; we've bought several of these to keep around just for that!|pos
We purchased quite a few pacifiers and this is the only one our newborn son loves.  We got a dozen and they are great to soothe him.  We love that it doesn't wrap around his mouth and it easily falls out of his mouth when he falls asleep.  As much as we wanted our son to have great sleep habits without using a pacifier, sometimes after many sleepless night and days,  you do whatever gets the job done and keeps your sanity.|pos
Pros: Natural, stays in well, easy to keep clean, no nipple confusion<br />Cons: expensive, bounce a long way when dropped|pos
I have tried many pacifiers, and so far, my son loves these the most!  Can't complain about them at all!|pos
Baby loves it! It gives her something to hold on to and helps me to find her paci while I'm up front in car|pos
I was Very Pleased with my Product's, All the stuff i ordered Arived to me earlier than there posted delivery. I am a Very happy Camper...  I Recomend them Highly &#62;&#62;&#62; BIG BLUE COWBOYS STAR &#60;&#60;&#60;|pos
I tried these and Avent pacifiers.  These are shorter but harder then the Avent.  My baby didnt care for these much at all, his lips would get tight like he refused to take it.  The avent didnt work out too well for us either th|neg
Always slips right out of my babies mouth.  Seems like he wants it but just cant hang on to it.  Maybe too large? We switched to Dr Browns pacifiers.  My baby does really well with those.  We also use the Dr Brown bottles so maybe thats why.  I breast and bottle feed.|neg
My daughter loves these.  I mean LOVES these!  If they get dirty I throw them in the wash animal and all and they have not fallen apart yet.  My daughter loves looking at them, holding them and of course putting them in her mouth.  She can find them easily in her crib at night.  I don't leave home without one.  She smiles when she sees it.  :)|pos
This is just what we were hoping for, a boy version of the cow! Weighted legs, a very soft plush body and even cuter in person.|pos
I bought this &#34;stachifier&#34; as a surprise for a friend's little boy ...best and most adorable present ever!!! Definitely would buy this again!|pos
My doctor recommended this brand of pacifier. Baby doesn't have marks on his face when he uses it. I trust this brand, and it's orthodontic, so I'm not as concerned it'll hurt his developing teeth. Baby immediately formed a latch to this, and it STAYED IN. Although, I would recommend you buy the 8 pack of them for less money per pacifier, free shipping with prime, a MUCH better deal. http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00913D9EQ/ref=oh_details_o04_s00_i00|pos
It was adorable and I am sure the new baby will look cute with it.  Conversation piece for sure!  Thanks|pos
This is the only pacifier that is perfect! Why?<br /><br />1)It is truly only one piece of silicone so it's more sanitary and doesn't trap water or dirtiness in crevices . And is safer. Others say they are one piece but actually plastic is wrapped around by silicone, and can come apart<br />2)It has the Natural shape nipple -- mimics mom's nipple<br />3)the shield is curved so it fits comfortable on the baby's face and helps it not fall out.<br />Soothie and gum drops DO NOT have all these three features!!|pos
I love the yellow! I was concerned they might be heavier like the blue ones but they are they are just like the green but yellow!  Im going to be ordering more of these!|pos
2 yr old loves his Dino.  He will ugly take a wub a nub but they are so cute I am okay with it.  Colors are pretty true to picture|pos
My daughter will only use the Avent soothie pacifiers and I hate them because they bounce around when they fall and we are constantly losing them. This product is perfect to stop them from falling and are great in the car seat!|pos
This is now the 2nd wubbanub i've purchased for my baby nience and she just can't get enough of them. Highly recommend it!|pos
Very cute.  Ear handles!  Five month old grandson loves WubbaNubs. We have two.  Very colorful and cute for little one.|pos
My daughter will only use the Avent soothie pacifiers and I hate them because they bounce when they hit the floor and we are constantly lose them! This product is great because it prevents them from falling to the floor!|pos
I love these wipes for a couple of reasons.<br />A. It's a small enough package to put anywhere in the baby bag or purse.<br />B. It's natural ingredients so that I can use these on my child's mouth and paci and immediately give it back to him with out fear of harming him of any chemical toxins.<br />C. They get the sticky gunk off their mouth: milk, or formula<br />D. Cleans off lanolin from skin (This was great for me since I do breast feed and need the lanolin to keep my skin supple and not cracked but did not want it all over my child face.  It cleans up nice with out drying out the skin!  I have also found them useful when cleaning up lanolin from a breast pump)<br /><br />By a person who swears by you can never have enough wipes and diapers.. these are a must have for any first time mom, mom to be, or current mom on the hunt!!|pos
Love, Love, Love it.  My grandson can hold and manoever his pacifier, which in turn keeps him soothed much longer.|pos
I had high hopes that my daughter was going to latch on this product thinking it is the same product produced by Hawaii Medical... Turns out it is not, as I clearly see now by Tomy.<br /><br />It did work for my baby! Cute colors but I must say for a breastfed baby it is too glossy abit hard and very fake!|neg
We bought two so wasted $30  We should have sent them back but just threw away after cutting off the pacifiers. I can't understand why any good reviews unless parents are stitching them up. I wouldn't take a chance on choking hazard as you would have to inspect after each wash and sew open seams? I don't have time for that. I really wanted to like them. I wish I had bought one. I hate throwing money away. One bad thing about buying online. If something goes bad you have to take the time to send back|neg
I highly recommend this product to everyone out there who is struggling with their breastfed 2 month old baby to latch on a pacifier! I have got a collection of over 10 kind of pacifiers and  nothing worked but this... Of course with a bit of a struggle...<br />If your little one pushes the pacifier and does sucking reflex in her/his sleep I would say with more practice your baby would beautifully latch on this paci but with more practice not from one go!|pos
I really like this little thing. I attached it to the handle of my diaper backpack and it's easy to find a pacifier when my baby is screaming in my face! Only holds 2 pacifiers though. No idea what could possibly be stored in the tiny outside pocket. Maybe an ibuprofen for the headache you get from the screaming baby in the first place?|pos
great packaging, legit and baby safe, loved these the baby is just 6 months old he likes them too !|pos
My daughter loves the caterpillar.  She can't wait to give it to my granddaughter.  The caterpillar design has sparked an entire theme of butterflies and caterpillars for my granddaughter's scrapbook.|pos
kids love it and came so fast.<br /> but wish you can take the pacific out and put in more so i can wash it better|pos
This product is great. It's really nice that they glow in the dark. It makes it really easy to find they and put them back in your baby's mouth in the middle of the night.|pos
Love this product for my daughter!! She loves to hold the animal while she sleeps and it makes it much easier for her to use herself!|pos
We put these wubbanub pacifiers in his stocking on Christmas morning and he loved it! He got three different ones and he was so thrilled he walked around with one in his mouth carrying the other two at times trying to put all three pacifiers in his mouth. We couldn't get them at toysrus where we originally found them so we were very thankful to find them on Amazon and get them before Christmas. Thanks so much!|pos
Hard to say who enjoys it more, grandma or the grand baby...I guess the grand baby.Good quality item with a great design.|pos
Not only are these incredibly cute, but it is fantastic for those times when binky pops out of the mouth in the middle of the night and baby wakes up and needs to find it. I spent months getting up in the middle of the night, multiple times, to retrieve a binky that either rolled out of the crib or baby couldn't find it. This one is easy to find in the crib and it won't fall out of the crib!! This is essential to parents' sanity and sleep!! We get tons of comments on this because it's so cute and unusual. I've even washed this in the washing machine (air dry) and it didn't fall apart. After probably a year of solid use, the binky part did eventually come off of the elephant, but I re-attached it with a safety pin and it's still being used. The biggest downfall of this binky is that other kids really want to steal it! :-) I would absolutely recommend this product for you and for every baby shower you ever attend! I can't say enough good words about this product.|pos
We weren't going to give our daughter a pacifier but our pediatrician recommended it. My sister got us a WubbaNub and it was a lifesaver! When our daughter was very young, it was perfect because it rested on her chest and never fell out. Now she can hold on to it and grab it easily to put it back it which is especially handy in the middle of the night or in the car! My recommendation is to use this early on but try to get your child to use a different pacifier during the day before they get too used to it. Our daughter only uses a pacifier for naps and at night but if she needs one during the day we're trying to get her to use a standard pacifier. They are cute but as she approaches 1, I'm thinking a giraffe hanging off her face is a little much. Great product though and I buy them for everyone having a baby.|pos
I love this product and so does my daughter. serves as a toy and a pacifier! very easy and convienient!|pos
We have 2 and they are both awesome and easy to find around the house. My daughter loves grabbing the stuffed animal and putting the pacifier in her mouth on her own.|pos
excellent product i love these pacifiers! they also fit into the pacifier covers for the avent orthodontic pacifiers i have! go pats!|pos
My daughter loved these pacifiers!  They were the only ones that she would take, and they are super cute too!|pos
These are the real deal GumDrops from Hawaii Medical. These are the only pacifiers that our two sons would take. Beware of other products called GumDrops, but not made by Hawaii Medical -- these here are slightly firmer and hold up well over time. We like the GumDrops over the green Soothies (from the same company) given the nose cut-out at the top of the paci.|pos
We love our wubbanub!  Makes it so much easier to keep up with our daughter's pacifier.  In the car when she drops it... it's easy to find and we don't have to dig around in her carseat to figure out where it rolled off to!  She likes to hug and hang on to it as well.  Two thumbs up!|pos
My child took the newborn soothie pacifiers, so I thought these would be a good option that would eliminate the nose smushing that the big round soothie base causes. The profile of these is much better and didnt contact my child's nose, but she couldnt keep these in her mouth because the silicone on these is much stiffer than the soothie ones.<br /><br />We've kept trying these as my child has grown but even at 10 months she still prefers to play with these than to suck on them.|neg
I wish they would have been pink but they are so cute and we just love them. It made a nice stocking stuffer for Christmas.|pos
My grandson loves this little wubbanub and he has 4 and when it is time to break the passy we will remove it and let him keep the stuffed animal.  Makes for an easy break from the passy|pos
This pacifier is for a child over 6 months.  It is my grandson's favorite and I had to order multiples.|pos
These are great. My kids were loosing there pacifiers at night while they were sleeping and screaming their heads off. These are much easier for them to find in the dark.|pos
Shipped quickly and arrived on time. The only &#34;binkies&#34; my son has been willing to use since he was born!|pos
My daughter and her husband really got a kick out of this, and anyone who sees it has a good chuckle. It even works ... most of the time.|pos
I Love The Wubbanub Pacifiers! My Daughter has 4, Her last one was getting kind of worn, ordered from Babyhaven, No problems at all. And deliverey was on time! I will be ordering from Babyhaven in the future. Great Prices|pos
it took a few trys but once my baby took to it, it was a life saver. i bought a second one for the living room.|pos
Adorable! Love this item. My baby loves it as well. :) it's a friend, a toy, and a pacifier all it one! Love the dragon. It's super cute.|pos
Each baby has his/her own favorite tastes and preferences,my daughter's totally different from my son's; however, this product was the only one my son would even consider.  I wish I had found it when my daughter was a baby, because as a parent I really like the fact that it is all one piece and made from natural rubber.|pos
Gave it as a gift to a friend who is having a boy and she loved it exactly what I ordered|pos
I mean, this is a must for him (and for me). This is the piece that makes my son sleeps! I am telling you, my house is full of these pacifiers they are all over the place. You can never go wrong with this. The one comment I would make is to makre sure you pick the correct one based on the baby's age. My son is 10 months now and he still does not like the 6+ months one (they are thicker). This product with time and after you sterilize them so many times it will get a little bit thiner but it works like a charm!|pos
My daughter is 6 weeks old and these pacifiers are the only ones that she seems to like. Sure, they can fall out a little easy but if it soothes her and gets her to stop crying, there is no way I am taking them away.|pos
Great product! We never lose this pacifier! It also helps keep the pacifier in my daughters mouth safely!! Would buy again!|pos
I love these pacifiers- they're the only ones my son will take.  However, I ordered a 4 pack of the 3+ month and received a single newborn size pacifier.  Very disappointing.|neg
Easy to keep up with!  We always have a toy to play with and a soothie when she's sleepy!  Love all wubbanubs!|pos
Let me start by saying the nipple part of the pacifier is long-gone.  She bit holes it years ago, as her teeth were coming in.  I snipped off the rest down to the base, and that was the end of pacifiers for her.  But it wasn't the end of the kitty...<br /><br />In the beginning, WubbaNub pacifiers were a LIFE-SAVER for us!  Our younger daughter was born with a horrific case of reflux.  It was strongly suggested by many professionals that she use a pacifier to help keep the acid from bothering her too much.  But what a pain it was to keep popping it back in ever few minutes, especially during the night (not that she was sleeping all that much--again, due to the reflux).  Duct tape was jokingly considered.<br /><br />An internet search eventually lead me to the WubbaNub website, and I found a local dealer to buy from (they weren't on Amazon back then).  She was 3 months old when she got her first kitty, and a back-up kitty followed several months later.  The rest is history.<br /><br />When she was a baby, it worked fantastically!  It wasn't too long before she learned to push the pacifier back into her own mouth and save me the trouble.  It was a little lighter weight than I had expected, but it still worked wonderfully.<br /><br />When we bought it, we had NO idea that we were getting her a friend for life.  And what a life it's had!  As of today, the nipple is gone (only a green ring remains), the rear left leg has no more stuffing in it and is pretty thoroughly mangled (she likes to rub it between her fingers as she falls asleep), the coloring has faded a bit, and I just noticed that the stitching along the spine is starting to show slightly.  But after all these years, and all the LOVE it's received, I'm not surprised by the wear-and-tear.  Honestly, I'm a little shocked it's held up so well.<br /><br />To say this is her favorite lovie/toy would be putting it lightly.  Some day, she may choose to put it on the shelf and be done with it, but that day isn't any time soon.  :)|pos
I purchased these for my daughter when she was 4 weeks old and at nearly 4 months we're still using them! They're so fun and much easier to keep ahold of then a single pacifier. Plus having something to snuggle with or teeth on is a bonus! They're light weight and brightly colored so she's still fascinated by them.|pos
it took my daughter just a couple of tries to warm up to her new pacifier.  i'm so happy she loves it!|pos
So so so cute!!!!!!! I love these little things. I just hope that my baby will actually get to use them and that they are safe. So far so good because no one can use them yet. But they are SO so cute.|pos
Our dtr used her WubbaNub for over a year. It was perfect from newborn, where it helped keep the binkie in place, to when she was older so she could find the binkie and put it back in her mouth. I recommend this to everyone with newborns!|pos
Happy I found these pacifiers. I had been looking around for awhile. Happy the baby will be matching with his brown outfits!|pos
My husband bought these at Walmart once right when our daughter was born and we havent been able to find them again. They are FANTASTIC. They snap shut when they hit the floor so they dont get all nasty and dirty. Super lazy parents might be turned off by them because sometimes you have to open it back up for your baby to stick it back in their mouth.<br />My daughter only likes these pacifiers and parents always ask me where to get them!|pos
SO SO SO SO SO<br /> CUTE LOVE IT I GAVE IT TO MY COUSIN IN LAW AND SHE LOVED IT|pos
Great natural alternative to the silicone pacifier; comfortable fit that baby seems to prefer in comparison to other brands. Recommend|pos
My 2 month old daughter loves it, and only a dragon would be epic enough for my child. Rock on.|pos
binky is the only pacifier my baby ever took, except this one, no good grip and slips out easily, the plastic is too strong and it smells like crude oil|neg
Product was BPA free and good for use with infants, so I was even more delighted that the pacifiers read &#34;Mute Button&#34; and &#34;Pull to Sound Alarm&#34; -- the bonus is, she loves them!|pos
My friend is the owner of this item so I ordered one for my stepsister who just had a baby.|pos
this binky is very cute for all occasions my 7 month old son just looks so funny but its adorbz! recommended for your lil monters|pos
Easy tool to use; my granddaughter cooperated very well with the non contact method. Recommend highly to other families now|pos
This a great pacifier. It doesn't leave a red ring on babies face like sine others do. It's great for babies who like to chew on there binkys. My little guy loves this one. My sister in law uses them too.|pos
thanks... it's perfect.... nice... i reccomend! i hope i can find more items like this one. thank you again we loved!|pos
These pacifiers are so easy to find when thrown or missing. My son loves the WubbaNub line and continues to use them every day.|pos
So did we. Cutest thing ever. We kept it in the car and baby loved to play with it on car trips. Well made.|pos
I was desperately looking for solution to the pacifier always falling out of my 2 month old baby's mouth making him cry hysterically particularly when I'm driving. I read reviews and thought this product would be a lifesaver but I was so disappointed. First, the pacifier that comes with the toy is flimsy, it's not the same quality as the actually one that you buy separately. Also, the way it is sewn on to the mouth of the toy, it pulls the pacifier out of the baby's mouth making it even more difficult for the baby to hang on to it then if it was just a pacifier without the toy. I waited by the door to receive this and unfortunately it was a huge waste. Going back to holding the pacifier in myself.|neg
i bought the 6-18 month after i heard my baby screaming and had the 0-6 month stuck sideways in his mouth.  i like the design on these also and they are hard to find with out the clear back, which i do not care for at all.  they have been durable and these are the only ones i plan to use.|pos
I got the little blue monkey. At first I thought it was too lightweight as I used to put it on my baby's chest while lying flat on his back, but it kept on falling off. Then one day by chance my baby's face was tilted to the side and the monkey fell on one side and found out that that way it works better! Basically when baby's face is on the side while lying in bed you just put the monkey lying close to him (not parallel) putting the paci in baby's mouth, The paci stayed in his mouth and even if it came out my baby was able to pull it back in most of the times. I still would have preferred it if the hands and feet were slightly heavier.|pos
The pros:<br />Adorable appearance.<br />Good quality construction.<br />The pacifier stays attached, so you don't have to worry about dropping it on the floor and watching it bounce away (like the regular soothie does).<br /><br />The cons:<br />Occasionally my baby will accidently pull it out of her mouth because she gets ahold of the giraffe.  But this con is heavily outweight by the pros.<br />You cannot detach the pacifier from the toy for washing.  Some may not mind, but I do not wan't laundry soap residue on the pacifer.  Not a huge deal though, I'll just hand wash it.<br /><br />Overall, I would purchase more of these, and they would make a great gift if you know someone who is already using this type of pacifier.|pos
I ordered this for my first grand daughter. Mahra took a liking to it quick. This is the one she prefer over the others.|pos
These are such a great idea. My little one loves that she has something cuddly and soft to rub while sucking on her binky.  I also love that it helps her to be able to find it in her bed in the middle of the night.|pos
I bought this one and the lamb for my twins and I love them. Their easy to find when dropped in the car seat and great when their swaddled at night. They are also good when they are on the swing. If they fall out when they are sleeping they don't go far and you can always find them.|pos
My son loves this, it's his favorite pacifier! I will be buying more of these. Everyone that sees it thinks it's so cute!!|pos
We were given one of these pacifiers at the hospital and our son refused any other pacifiers once we got home.  We ordered the six pack because we couldn't sterilize the one fast enough to make the baby happy!  The package arrived quickly.  I like that these pacifiers do not have the deep bump at the end of the nipple (like the pacis meant for 3+ month babies), so they don't catch in his throat and gag him (which is what would happen with other regular shaped pacis).|pos
I bought these because my older children loved the &#34;soothie&#34; pacifiers and these appeared to be the same thing with a cut-out for around the nose. I love that there is only one piece of plastic, which seems safer, and that it comes in lots of colors. We purchased the pink/purple set.|pos
This tiny little pouch is such a lifesaver living in nyc where everything is dirty. I attach this to my stroller and keep teething toys and crackers clean and accessible. It works well with a pacifier of course but we don't use one. I also appreciate the modern stripe print. It looks pretty hot on my all black stroller (most importantly!)|pos
It's a really cute bobo (pacifier) makes my lil' cutie fat man have a lil' extra personality, love it! Would suggest this and any other one to anybody!|pos
My nephew wasn't liking any of the pacifiers they tried, I got these for him and he loves them! Now that he's 7 months he still uses them as teethers.|pos
I have twins and bought one for each girl. They are wonderful and my babies love them. They will defiantly be gifts for all my friends who are expecting. They work great when the babies are swaddled at night and great to find if they are dropped in their car seats. They also hold them in their swings.|pos
We got a monkey for my son as a gift and he loves it. The problem was he would drop it all the time. We ordered a dragon and it was to stiff, no flexibility. We started looking for something like the monkey and the turtle workers amazing. Sits just right not heavy enough to fall out when you hold the baby upright.|pos
I like that this stays on my child's chest while she sleeps, so it doesn't wander too far (until she learns how to throw!).  Nice also to find it - very visible with the giraffe attached.|pos
The MAM brand are the best Pacifiers that I have found so far. My daughter used a Pacifier up until she was a year and a half. She tended to chew on them and other brands wouldn't hold up for very long before getting ripped up. These held up and are very durable. Was signed up for Amazon Mom so free shipping and this qualified to earn extra months of prime account.<br /><br />CJB|pos
Love it! My grandson loves this. So glad I bought it. Thanks :) Will be back to buy more as needed.|pos
this pacifier has truly saved my life! my daughter loves that there is something to play with for extra comfort, and I love how much easier it is to find around the house. the reason I bought it was because of the fact that my daughter wakes up looking for her pacifier. with the extra weight, it stays in her mouth better and she gets a better night sleep. I would recommend this to anyone!|pos
These are the only binkies I could get my baby to take. There is no loop which seems to make other binkies too heavy causing them to fall out a lot. And I've been able to use other brands of pacifier clips with them as well.|pos
I BOUGHT THIS PACIFIER AS A GIFT FOR SEVERAL PEOPLE. IT WORKS AS REPRESENTED AND IS A GREAT GIFT FOR ANYONE WITH A NEW BABY.|pos
I would recommed this to any mom that is looking for there babies. My son has two and loves them!|pos
We use this pacifier pod all the time. I had originally bought it to attach to the diaper bag but instead we have it on our daughter's carrier and it is so handy especially while riding in the car. I turned it inside out, machine washed it and laid out to dry and it holds up great!|pos
My friend suggested this little dude and I was hesitant to purchase it after my dismay with a similar binky holder for the Tommee Tippees, but this guy is great!<br />After watching her daughter with hers I thought I would give it a try and I am so happy I did. My little guy uses this at nap time and sometimes at night when he sleeps in his swing (upright). He will randomly spit the binkie out when he is sleeping and freak out during the middle of the night to find it. As long as he has not swatted it away, he can easily find it on his chest.<br /><br />I have heard that it improves when they get a little older and have more hand control, right now he is 3 months and is able to grab it but often tosses it instead of bringing it to his mouth.<br /><br />The monkey is very cute and comes with an avent binkie attached. You cannot remove the binkie, but you can easily clean it with the monkey attached.<br /><br />I will purchase this for many a baby shower coming up as it has been a great item to have.|pos
I BOUGHT THIS PACIFIER AS A GIFT FOR SEVERAL PEOPLE. IT WORKS AS REPRESENTED AND IS A GREAT GIFT FOR ANYONE WITH A NEW BABY.|pos
This was part of a donation that I gave to a therapy dog cause.  Hoping it helps the owners adjust to the way-too-early loss of their beloved Stacey Mae and the joy of their lovely little puppy, Kasey Mae!|pos
Used the bear for the first time last night.  It really works!  Our newborn is already very mellow and even tempered, but he has been gassy because of bottle feeding.  He slept all night without a fuss (BTW, we switched to Dr. Brown's bottles yesterday too, and it works great as well.  No gassiness, fussiness, or anything!) The only thing about the bear, it does not shut off automatically, just like what others have said.  However, I don't see a problem with it.  Mother's heartbeat never quit either in the nine months he was in her.  It will run all night long with the generic batteries it came with.  Just buy a set of rechargeable AA batteries and you are good to go.|pos
As a very young infant I would say helpful but could live wo.  As our daughter became 2 months old we seriously could not make it a day wo.  The pattern is interesting for development.  The stuffed animal makes so you don't have to put their pacifier back in 60 times.  They will just hold on themselves.|pos
I gave this to my newborn nephew since his mom was always losing his pacifier, now its always there to be found|pos
My son took to his wubbanub with ease. He loved the alligator and refuses to let any one play with it.|pos
If you want to use a pacifier.  We didn't, until a trip to the ER with the third baby.  Baby was screaming and they dipped one of these in sugar water and instantly calmed him.  Needless to say, we grabbed a handful before we left the hospital and love them for quick distraction during a diaper change or to calm him down when he has gas and a full belly so doesn't need any more milk.|pos
so cute will occupy him while soothing him goes with all the other awesome things I have purchase from amazon.|pos
None available.|neg
We do not use plastic bottles or dishes with our toddler, so I was trying to find an alternative to the standard Soothies and Gumdrops. Sadly, this was not it. Our son would not take this at all. In fact, when I first gave it to him, he laughed at it after putting itin his mouth. The nipple part is HUGE, absurdly large. After my son laughed at it, I decided to suck on it, and I don't know how a baby would ever be soothed by it. Almost choked me.<br /><br />We are now using it to wean him from pacifiers, so I guess that's a positive for this one.|neg
they are nice and practical. very happy with the shopping. . . . . . . . .  . .|pos
Both my kids use this binky and now it has been discontinued.  They changed the whole style and shape of the &#34;binky&#34; brand, and it is nowhere near the same.  I have tried a lot of different binkys and my kids only want THIS one.  So what am I to do? Pay a ton for them on Amazon or Ebay, that's what.|pos
This product was a lifesaver for my preemie triplets. We could not have survived the first 4 months of life without them. Two out of three have migrated to a different paci now at almost 11 months, but one still loves her WubbaNub. We have a ton of different animals (monkey, red dog, brown dog, giraffe, 2 chicks/ducks, 2 frogs) all work well are are great. Even the two that use different pacis now, still sleep with theirs and occasionally will wake up with it in their mouths. Great product!|pos
very upset used pacifier!!! product came out of package with appearance of being very used realy !!! this was to be given as a gift but is clearly trash but it came in a timely manner|neg
My baby loves this little dog.  She likes being able to hold onto something when soothing herself with the pacifier.  I have three WubbaNubs and this one is a little smaller and lighter then the others (dragon and monkey) which would make it good for a preemie.|pos
The quality seems decent enough and I'm sure they are good for some kids, but our baby hates it.<br />He won't take these for even a second..|neg
These paci's are amazing! My boy loves them!!! They are super cute and easy to clean too! Love love love!|pos
I wasnt sure how light would be able to purify a pacifier, however, this really works pretty well. I would like there to be some kind of a test strip or other they could provide with this.  However, I like it better than using water.|pos
These are the only pacifiers that my baby will accept since she was a newborn. She is breastfed and I even tried giving her the breastfed baby safe kind of pacifiers that are shaped differently, but always spit them out but she always held on her her MAM pacifiers.<br />Great brand!<br /><br />(I've always picked mine up in Walmart so I don't have to play around with being shipped the wrong color, I don't have patience for that kind of funny business!)|pos
After getting used to these in the hospital, these are the only pacifiers our granddaughter will accept, so it's great to be able to buy the same one the hospitals use.|pos
Great price!!! It looks just like the picture! It's perfect for a little girl. I can't wait to use this.|pos
These are the best pacifiers I've ever purchased! It has a great, solid base (for when my daughter is teething) and orthodontic nipple for soothing/naptime. I love that there is nowhere for air or saliva to get trapped, making these one of the most sanitary pacifiers you can have! They are definitely more expensive that the kind you'll find in Target, but I think they're worth every penny.|pos
This is a great product! Perfect for babies and young kids. My nephew is only a few months old and he already learned to hold it and put it back in his mouth. Much easier than a regular pacifier|pos
My son and i both prefer these pacifiers to others we have tried because my son likes shorter styles of pacifiers and i like them as they do create less gas for baby when sucking|pos
I initially purchased one of these for my nephew as part of his Easter basket and he looooves it so much.  Unfortunately he dropped it at the store and it was never found, so Auntie came to the rescue and purchased another one for him and it arrived on time. Thanks!|pos
I specifically paid the difference to get the pink elephant wubbanub. Instead I received the plain gray elephant wubbanub with a sticker on the back of the package that says Mary Meyer Ella Bella Elephant wubbanub. Very disappointed. The packaging it came in didn't have any return labels or anything as well. Too late to get it in time for Christmas anyways..|neg
So cute! And they are perfect fit and feel. Great value and wonderful gift idea! I wish they had more colors, because I would buy them all!|pos
I bought this for my newborn granddaughter last year.  It helped to sooth her to sleep so well that I ordered another one last month as a shower gift.|pos
This is the only type of pacifier our baby will take so far. The hospital only gave us one and I was afraid we'd lose it so we ordered this 2 pack :)|pos
This elephant so cute. We get comments and questions about it at least once a week. It also works as expected - it stays it a lot longer than other pacifiers. It is not as heavy as I expected but I am very pleased with it. Who knew my daughter would look so adorable with an elephant gaming from her mouth!|pos
After searching for many different pacis we found these and boy are we never looking back.  ps no scent is great!|pos
I loved that my baby can hug the small stuffed animal and tuck the pacifier. She loved it. It is machine washable and as soon as you take it out, it does not really need to be dried as it is dried already and is ready to be used.<br />I thought it was a bigger giraffe and was disappointed at first to see it so tiny, but I believe it is the appropriate size for an infant not to choke on. It is a pricey ($13-$14 ea.). Wish it was half price, and wish I could replace pacifiers on the stuffed animal, but can not, since it is sewed with stitches to the giraffe.<br /><br />BabyHaven is really professional and nice. When I received other regular Soothie pacifiers in damaged boxes, they offered to send me replacements for free. Hoping to receive them soon by mail.<br />----------------------------------------<br />Edited April 8, 2013:<br />I now have an Amazon Prime Membership with my Amazon Mom membership, I receive everything in 2 days and can return items with no hassle. Back when I bought the Wubbanub and Avent Soothie Pacifiers from BabyHaven, I thought they proposed to send me free pacifiers to replace the damaged packages I received but they did not and wanted me to pay for the return shipping rate. They said since product is not damage it is my responsibility. They tucked 6 Avent soothie pacifiers and 3 wubbanub pacifiers in one small bubbly envelop!!! The Avent Soothie's package was ruined but they did not care.<br />They were not so professional what so ever.<br /><br />We are treated better when we get the Prime Membership as we deal with Amazon directly versus with the seller. Packaging is better, as they send in a boxes even small ones versus in an envelop that gets ur package damaged from shipping.<br /><br />Would still recommend the product though. My daughter stopped taking the pacifier around 4 months, but she loves to play with the tiny stuffed animal and chew on it sometimes :) So cute!|pos
i love it and the price is cheaper,i will buy it next time,i wish the shipper will be faster next time.|pos
These are easy to find at night, you can buckle the animal part in the car seat with baby so you don't have to hunt it in the car! My boys both loved to just hold the light weight animal and used them for chew toys when teething!|pos
These are AMAZING.  I love so many things about these pacifiers...First, they're all natural and BPA free.  They're also one solid piece.  There's no soapy water getting stuck inside the pacifier.  These are also GREAT for teething.  My son will take the pacifier out of his mouth throughout the night, gum and chew all over the pacifier and he never makes a peep.  They're extremely soothing.  They are bouncy, though!  We've gone through many because we lose them!  Save yourself the hassle of using other, hard plastic, pacifiers...just buy these!!!!  They're AMAZING.|pos
If there were more stars to give I would!  The caterpillar was the first wubbie she had.  We got great use out of it.  My daughter was able to maneuver the pacifier and put in her mouth once falling out at a month or at least a little after one month old.  It's easy to spot if it happens to fall so losing it was pretty slim.  Once we started seeing the fabric starting to wear thin (this was after a year or so use) we replaced it...well that and because my husband and I are ber nostalgic we decided to replace the caterpillar with a new one so that we could keep her first and put it in her memory chest.<br /><br />We receive many compliments and questions as to where to purchase them.  I like to use them as part of a congrats on finding out your expecting/baby shower/new baby gifts because they aren't so mainstream so I find its a gift that stands out...parents love them...babies love them...|pos
I was going to buy these but put it off and then today I checked the mail and surprise for me, they were there in the mail.  Turns out my mom saw my amazon wish list and bought them for my son.  I am very pleased.  These pacifiers have such a soft feel to them.  I've been giving my son the NUK binki from the hospital but he wasn't a huge fan of it but I gave him this one earlier today and he's seemed to relax very easily as soon as he takes it.  I am very happy with it.  I recommend this purchase.|pos
I thought this was a waste of money but our baby girl actually loved it more then her regular pacifiers|pos
Nice product! I love that.I always use this all year ,so I will buy this in the following days ,thank you .|pos
My daughter can find these glow in the dark binkies by herself at night (started this at 6 months, right when we gave them to her)! they are awesome. Unfortunately the glow ones are only made in the 6 months and up size, I wish they came in 0+ and 2+ month sizes too.|pos
Some babies can be so fussy about pacifiers, but my baby never refused one of these.  She uses Playtex pacifiers everyday.<br /><br />At daycare she has this one with a handle because they hang them up on a little hook when she's not napping.<br />At night I kind of prefer the ones without the handle...cuz she can tend to play around with it, dangle it out of her crib, etc.<br /><br />Nice to have both options in my opinion, and plus you'll need at least 4 in rotation...there's always one missing, in the other room, hiding underneath the crib, in the carseat, etc.|pos
I bought these as a gift and not only did the mom like them but the baby loved them as well|pos
my niece has tried many pacifiers but this one is her favorite. she is only 6 mons old but has developed a likeliness for this particular paci, so much so that she refuses to take any other. great product and a lifesaver , as my sister says.|pos
If your child takes a pacifier, I can almost guarantee they will love any of these animal pacifiers! But be sure to get at least two of them because, they will not take any other after they use these. And as we all know sometimes one gets missed placed, lost, left at grandma's,etc.. They love to hold the animal on the end. It comforts them and becomes a friend. They are machine washable and are well worth the money.|pos
I bought the wubbanub for my sister's son and he loves it! It is easy to manipulate and super cute!|pos
I always give wubbanub a as gifts. They are easy for older babies to hold and stay near the mouth of smaller babies without the strangulation risk of a pacifier holder. They hold up well in the washing machine. My baby loves his too.|pos
Certainly is useful to be able to tuck it in to keep the pacifier from disappearing... take note that the pacifier is bonded into the critter, so that it can not be changed or separated from the plush toy portion.|pos
I bought this pacifier for my 5 month old nephew. It's the only paci that he will take in his mouth. He loves it!|pos
Certainly is useful to be able to tuck in to keep the pacifier from disappearing... take note that the pacifier is bonded into the critter, so that it can not be changed or separated from the plush toy portion.|pos
I bought these for my lil son before he was born and he loves them! They are a life saver!!!!|pos
Great prices! I would recommend to others and would use again in the future... My lil son loves these pacifiers!|pos
My daughter loves these binkies. They are great! Watch out if you have a dog. They seem to like them also...|pos
We have tried so many types of pacifiers. Our little one liked many of them, but loves this kind. It may just be a personal preference, but he loves them!  Plus they are super easy to clean and very durable since they are all rubber. And there isn't anywhere for germs to build up since its all one piece. They are a little pricier, but last forever and keep our little one super happy. I'd highly recommend:-)|pos
My son does not like a binki all the time but this one he does love.  He likes to look at the bear and hold it.  The teething ring is a great addition.|pos
These were the only pacifiers our baby liked, I just had multiple because I seemed to misplace often. The best part about these are the same as the wubbanubs use.|pos
My daughter loves the wubbanub pacifier animals...they are the only pacifiers she will use.  They have saved my husband and I much time finding the dropped/hidden pacifier with the nice size stuffed animal.  They also have lasted several washings!  We especially love the giraffe but the lamb is perfect for smaller hands on your little one.|pos
I was expecting to receive a pack of blue pacifiers, and instead I received PINK! I will not use a pink pacifier on my baby BOY! False advertising!|neg
I thought parents were crazy when they raved about the wubbanubs but they are a lifesaver and a must have!|pos
Can't say whether these things sterilize or not, but they do work well for cleaning pacifiers, teethers, and anything else you kid may like to put in their mouth and possibly drop or be touched by another kid. The little pack they come it keeps the wipes moist for a very long time. We don't use them as much now as we did when our daughter was younger, but still keep them on hand. Have a pack that was opened a year ago and wipes are still wet and ready to use. They are kind of like baby wipes you use for changing diapers but without the soapy like feeling so there shouldn't be a bad taste when your kid puts the item back in their mouth after being cleaned with these. Don't believe me, try cleaning a pacifier, teether, or other object with a regular wipe, then with these and see which time your kid makes a frumpy face. :-)|pos
My daughter never wanted to use a pacifier, not to bite, now this new release, I like very much, given much attention.|pos
This seems to by my infants sons favorite pacifier - and the only one I don't seem to lose :) It's easy to find, when digging through the diaper bag, or spot, in the house. Love it. Highly recommend.|pos
My daughter is a preemie and she does very well with these pacifiers. They are easy to keep in and soft enough for her to use.|pos
My baby is three weeks old and this is the ONLY pacifier he will take.  They really are great for soothing babies!|pos
My oldest son was not a paci baby, but our newborn daughter is! She loves her soothie and so we wanted to try the WubbaNub since it would help it stay in place. The animal isn't as weighted as a beanie baby, but it is great for keeping it in her mouth in the car or when rocking her to sleep or when wearing her in my baby carrier as I often do since we have an older brother to keep up with :-) My only concern is how to wash it, but I plan to just dip the nipple in boiling water and spot clean the lamb as the instructions say. I do wish you could replace the pacifier after a while since you are only supposed to use them for a few months due to the integrity of the nipple possibly decreasing. But so far we love it!|pos
My son's room is decorated in knights, castles and dragons so this was perfect! He never really took a liking to pacifiers but this looks great in his room!|pos
These were hit with everyone especially the parents of newborns.  Lots of photos were taken with the MUTE and laughs...What a nice idea.|pos
my 6 month old can grab it easily and suck on it or play with it. Great gift for new babies|pos
Super quick shipping! Bought as a shower gift, and the parents LOVED it! Would def reccomend this to anyone who wants something 'different'|pos
My daughter loves these pacifiers won't take any other kind. She snuggles the stuffed animal when sleeping and holds their hands while awake and playing or driving in the car. My recommendation to all new moms.|pos
My daughter would only use soothie or gumdrop pacifiers, so the wubbanubs were very helpful.  We have the elephant and the lamb and she loves them both.  She has switched from pacifiers to sucking on her fingers now, but still loves to hold the wubbas.  They are perfect for her little hands.|pos
My son was given these in the hospital and he loves them. Love that they came five in a pack and were reasonably prices compared to babies r us.|pos
This is the only pacifier that my baby will use, of the 20 or so that I've tried. It gives great peace of mind knowing the pacifier 'is all one piece', eliminating the fear of bubs breaking of the teet.|pos
My grandchildren love these Pacifiers and so does my daughter. They are practically never lost. Would buy again and suggest to friends.|pos
We loved the first one so much we bought three more! I just wish they were a little heavier(our boy is a moose!)|pos
The only thing I wish was that it was a bit heavier, but other than that the baby loves it...we ordered three more!|pos
My child would only take soothies but they bounced and rolled so we were always searching for one these land and don't roll!|pos
I love these pacifiers and these aer the only ones that my son will take. These are easy to clean and cheap!|pos
I would recommend this to anyone who is looking for one of the best baby gifts ever!!! It is practically impossible to lose this pacifier!!|pos
We have a few these for our son(different designs obviously) and got this for our niece...i'm sure she'll love it too!|pos
Every OU football fan will want these cute Sooner pacifiers for their baby! The baby hasn't arrived yet, so I can't attest to how well he will like them, but I have pulled and twisted on them to be sure they won't fall apart. They look great, no sharp edges, and delivery was fast.|pos
Daddy wanted these binkies for his baby boy, but fortunately baby boy didn't like these binkies. But they are very cute.|pos
I literally have probably 10 of these lying around the house at all times. A nurse had given me one in the hospital with him and I immediately bought more. Unfortunately my dogs love them too so I have to keep buying more but these are amazing!|pos
I ordered this to keep a couple of pacifiers within easy reach in the diaper bag and it has worked out great.  The little bag fits perfectly in one of the large front pockets of the Skip Hop diaper bag.  It easily holds 2 pacifiers (I use the Avent Soothies).  I have not used the strap to attach the bag to anything, so I can't comment on the use of that.  Overall, very pleased with my purchase and received timely delivery from Amazon (as always).|pos
Just like the ones in the hospital except with a cutout for the nose.  Exactly what our son was looking for :-)|pos
It's just so cute to see my eight week old hold the lamb by one of its legs.  I love this pacifer.|pos
this is a wonderful pacifier, i'd recommend starting with this from the get go..my baby loves natural rubber pacifiers and won't touch the silicone ones, this has a nice one piece construct so its easy to keep clean.|pos
Not sure what we would do without them. The store bought pacifiers just do not cut it with him, he loves these ones though.|pos
This was given as a baby shower gift and the mom and dad of twins loves this!  Great gift for all!|pos
we have been using this brand and kind for two years since my baby was born. these are good. slicon doesnt hurt her face. soft and colors are good. after they were off, we get new ones.|pos
My daughter LOVES this.  It is easy for her to hold on to, easy to find in bed in the middle of the night, and soft and cuddly!|pos
I did not want to use pacifiers however the NICU gave these to my daughter. She loves them and this is the only pacifier type she will not spit out.|pos
My son is not a big fan of pacifiers, and was not loving the Avent 0-6 mo one, but this one was a hit! It has an intresting shape, I want to believe it's safe for the growing teeth.|pos
Great product!  Very happy with the purchase, great for the little Lion fan! I recommend for all who are avid football fans!!|pos
When we first tried this non-contact thermometer we double checked it's accuracy with a contact thermometer. After a few times we found that this thermometer was very accurate and needed no further verification. Temperatures can be taken when the baby is sleeping.|pos
My daughter absolutely loves this binky. She was able to grab it and put it in her mouth a lot sooner than a regular pacifier.|pos
Although this pacifier is cheap, Do NOT waste your money! We have a hard time getting my son to take medicine so I thought this was a perfect idea... Boy, was I wrong. The nipple on this thing is soooo hard. I can't even squeeze it with my fingers.<br />I gave it to my son to &#34;try&#34; before I put any medicine in it to see if he would take to it. He grabbed it, put it in his mouth, made a crazy face, handed it right back to me and said &#34;nasssy&#34;.<br />Needless to say, It went in the garbage.|neg
My daughter LOVES both of her WubbaNubs.  She has this giraffe and the monkey.  She plays with them and teethes on their various appendages.  Whoever came up with these is a genius.  So much easier for her to hold on to!  Both of our WubbaNubs have been through the wash many times and have held up to some rough treatment also.  I don't put them in the dryer, but they dry within a few hours anyway.  Great product and every baby should have one.|pos
My baby five months old and He love this blanket so much... Great baby item and easy to clean. We call this blanket with &#34;Blanky: :)|pos
I love this product! My granddaughter uses the Avent pacifier and this is the only pacifier holder that works. I would  recommend this product!|pos
She said she show it to her GYN doctor and the dr told her this was the best one on the market right now she loves it now she want the bottles also by Avent|pos
My daughter has 4 different WubbaNub pacifiers (or binkies as we call them).  She's been using them since she was a few months old & they were perfect for those late nights when her binky would fall out & she was able to push it back into her mouth & go right back to sleep.  I had used the plain soothies with nothing attached when she was first born & I spent countless nights being woken up because she lost her binky & couldn't get it back.  These are great.  About once a week I toss them in my lingerie wash bag & wash them & they come out practically dry.  About an hour on a drying rack & they're good to go.  Do not put other items in the bag though because any fuzz or lint will cling to the pacifier part & you'll have to rinse it off.  I usually rinst them off in hot water anyway right after they've gone through the wash.|pos
My friend's baby didn't like her Wubbanub (giraffe) so she gave it to me. My baby didn't like it much at first, either. Then, we re-introduced it around 5 months and he LOVED it and stopped using any of his other pacifiers. I think maybe the fact that he was more mobile- able to roll over and almost crawling and so it was easier for him to find it in the crib. I truly believe that this item was what got him to start sleeping through the night because SO many of the night wakes were just that he lost his pacifier.<br /><br />What a previous reviewer had complained about (how the whole thing has to go in the wash) I think is one of the best features. When it's dirty, you just throw the whole thing in the wash and it dries (I just hang it up rather than put in the dryer) within a couple hours.<br /><br />I do suggest having three in rotation. Our daycare already lost one. If we didn't have a back-up, it could have been bad. Oh- and don't pay more than $15. Occasionally, these items (the different animals) will be out of stock and other sellers through Amazon will have some for sale for $30+. Don't worry about it because a) they get back into stock pretty quickly and b) if a baby will take one, chances are he/she'll take whichever other one (duck, giraffe, bull, etc.) We've switched out regularly and there's never been a preference.|pos
I love horror movies and bought this pacifier for my son. I love that vampire boy, so does my wife.|pos
My daughter loves the WunnaNub's plush doll cat and we love it as well.  It is big enough so we don't lose it, which saves on the cost of the other lost cheaters. Great product for parents.|pos
The baby pacifiers are great and of great quality and are cute for my baby. I love the graphics and most of all I love the timing|pos
Great quality stuff, it looks great and it's not going to fall apart anytime soon. Woo hoo! It's so fun!|pos
Before buying this particular one I asked if it was the bigger one not the newborn and was told yes buy a fellow customer who had purchased these... Sadly it was the smaller one and my son who is almost 13 months wont take it cause its to small. Last time I ever shop on line like this...|neg
When my son was born in 2008, the hospital gave us one of these and he loved it. I just had a baby girl and searched like CRAZY to find these again, and she loves them just as much as he did!|pos
We love that this paci is exactly the brand my son loves, doesn't fall far if it falls out of his mouth, and is easy to find in the night because if the sie and feel.|pos
Super cute and baby loves it. It's so cute when she holds into the dragon. This is actually the second one that we bought; needed a backup (just incase).|pos
What more can I say. This was a super cute pacifier that didn't look like one. My daughter used this for so long! The shape was perfect for her and the elephant gave her something to hold on to and snuggle. Highly recommend despite the cost. It's well worth it.|pos
This is a great accurate product.  I was skeptical at first but I am now a believer.  So easy even a cave man can use it!|pos
This is cute and my great grandson's mother loved it.  The skull isn't too big or scary and the nipple is the right shape.|pos
Wonderful because my four month old son could manipulate it himself after just a few days. Saved lots of time searching for a pacifier, especially when driving!|pos
My 9 month old son absolutely LOVES this pacifier. I bought the doggie one for him when he was 5 months old and added the giraffe and dinosaur to his collection a couple of months later. These pacifiers have been of great help to us because my baby wakes up several times during the night looking for his pacifier. Most of the time, he wasn't able to find or grasp the regular pacifiers, so he would start crying and we would have to get up and help him. Since we bought these pacifiers, we don't have to get up anymore. He finds them quickly and can easily put them on. Sometimes, we find him asleep with two pacifiers on at the same time, super cute!|pos
Great!  Baby's second one. Had to get a duplicate. Easy for him to hold and less likely to loose. Thanks!|pos
So, my newborn son has a tiny tongue and is NOT a fan of these.  That being said, they're still amazing pacifiers.  My daughter used them for 10 months and would take no other.  The caps are easy to get on and off, the handle is a good size, and they were easy for her to handle.|pos
My Grandson was born just a couple days ago and has to be kept in the NICU.  It is very conforming to me that soon as they turn on his dexbaby bear he settles down and looks relaxed.|pos
This pacifier is really cute. Gets lots of loughs. It's kinda' small so it's good for 0-6 months i think.|pos
This is a great buy. Our baby only wants these and won't take any other pacifier. they are excellent quality and certainly recommended.|pos
Our baby loves the binky and therefore we always travel with one. Somehow we constantly lose them. This WubbaNub is the perfect solution. It's easy for him to navigate into his mouth and we never lose sight of it. He even finds it in the dark to stuff back into his mouth when he's half awake. They come in different animal shapes too. Love it!<br /><br />If you're looking for some advice on other baby registry essentials, check out AllMomsArePerfect dot com. You'll get the lowdown on what you really need and what you could save to buy later or avoid completely.|pos
. I had purchased EVERY SINGLE brand and style of pacifier.  My daughter refused them all except the soothies. The Wubbanub is a Soothie pacifier with an animal attached. I saw a friend with a Wubbanubs so I ordered one to try. It's been a life saver!! At 6wks old she clings to the animal. The weight of the animal helps the pacifier stay in her mouth especially when she's laying on her back or in the car seat. A tip when using the a soothie style pacifier,  put a finger in the whole while she's sucking on it, they like the way it feels.  We have the monkey, giraffe and duck. The giraffe is her favorite. Not sure why its more expensive though. And, babies r us carries these for only $10.95<br /><br />Regarding cleaning, there are 3 ways to clean/sterilize them.<br />1. Boil : Put a ziplock bag around animal, dip pacifier part in a bowl boiling water and let soak for 5-10 mins. This sterlizes It. At the end of each day  I take a a paper towel with soap and hot water and wash the pacifier part.<br />2. Dishwasher : I used the bottle basket and put on top shelf of dishwasher. Then let air dry. I washed our monkey this way.<br />3. Washing machine : put in garment bag and wash.  Let air dry. Do not put in dryer.|pos
I use these for my baby because they have lots of strength so he can really bite down, they last, and they are made of natural rubber. Thanks!|pos
You can not buy these in stores. They come from a medical supplier.<br /><br />I've tried so many different kinds of pacifiers, and have still ended up with two finger suckers! This pacifier was the closest I ever got to getting my infants to suck well and contently.|pos
the baby loves this. the monkey makes it more easy to keep track of and also helps somewhat with keeping her from spitting it out.|pos
My daughter will not touch any other pacifier! She loves them...I love them!  I just throw them in the sanitizer with her bottles.  They are soft.  Love that the nose area is open.  Love that the nipple is a little shorter...seems like others that I tried were too long and would gag her.  Very happy with them and have ordered many extra so we can have them always on hand!|pos
Great colors--requested by soon-to-be-mother. Should be better for baby not to swallow air like old pacifers. Ordered several so there will always be a spare.|pos
Surprised our daughter-in-law at her baby shower. She used the skull in a lot of her decorating, so this was a fitting gift.|pos
My son is 4 months old and he loves this blanket. He like to hold on to things while hes using his pacifier and it makes him feel comfortable. I love how it has the pacifier holder and teething corners. I would suggest this to anyone. Thanks|pos
My baby will suck on almost any paci, but I can tell that he likes this kind the best.  He keeps this one in the longest and will fall asleep with this one.  He also likes to chew on the opposite side.  I believe that it feels goods on his gums.|pos
no hard shield, soothing for baby to suck. One piece so it can't come apart. Base is very nice for teething babies to chew. Doesn't leave marks on baby's face when sucking or if they fall asleep on it. Easy to sterilize.|pos
I bought my daughter other brand pacifiers with fancy color and designs. However she loves this one the most.  I believe it has to do with the texture and design. Easy to clean.|pos
I recommend this product to anyone and everyone. I luckily haven't had to use this product to much but sometimes when I see it I use it just for the heck of it each time I use it I still get the same great accurate results.|pos
These are the only pacifiers my baby will take and these came faster then they said, only 3 days! Great service, great product!|pos
Nice finishing. It works for what it was ment to be. My baby is 3 weeks old and this still a bit big for him but in 2 more weeks I am sure it will fit him perfect|pos
this is my second baby with nuk binkies. love them, the best part is the little ring can be stuck on a finger for easy holding while feeding the baby. you do not have to do the search and find after the feeding is over. love them!|pos
i have tried at least 4 other pacis and my daughter only likes this one. i don't know what it is about it, but she loves it.|pos
My little one adores this paci. She had the teddy bear and loved it so I purchased this one to add to her collection. Cute, good quality, easy to clean.|pos
Sometimes the pacifier or a toy get a little too gunky to give right back to the child right away, but the kid just wants it. These are great to keep around for a quick wipe down and they don't have that strong cleaner smell.|pos
We got one of these pacifiers at the hospital. I was hesitant to give my newborn a pacifier since we were exclusively nursing but it helps him because he likes to comfort nurse for 20 minutes beyond feeding. We've had no issues with nipple confusion, the pacifiers are sturdy, and the lip on them helps with cleaning and retrieving without touch the part that goes in the baby's mouth.|pos
These pacifiers aren't just cute.  The tiny stuffed animal helps to keep the pacifier in the babies mouth.  It is much easier for babies to grab the animal and then wriggle the pacifier back into their mouth (so you don't have to.) When they do have them in the animal rests on their chest and helps to keep the pacifier there.  The pacifier part is the same kind that they give you in the hospital.  My daughter would never take a pacifier but my son did and he loved these.|pos
They are lifesavers.  They are cute to look at, and fun for the kids.  Plus they really help the little ones who don't quite have the motor skills to put their pacifiers in their own mouths.  These are much bigger and even the younger babies can manage to push them back in.  And they're easier to catch before they hit the ground.|pos
It's amazing, it works exactly as they advertise!!! It really closes when it's dropped, the plastic closure pieces somewhat press on my baby's cheeks but I think it's because he has a fat face|pos
He had this since 2nd months , help with collics.<br />He now take this for nap time, help soothing and help him fall asleep in no time.<br />This can interfere with breastfeeding though...<br /><br />My son won't take any other size or othe type of pacifier lol|pos
We are diehard Cowboys fans and I had to order these for my new grandson! My son n law wasn't too happy...lol|pos
These have lasted forever!! They are all one piece so you don't have to worry about them falling apart and being inhaled or swallowed. Easy to clean and disinfect. My daughter keeps hers around at all times.|pos
This is the only pacifier that my little girl will take. Not only is it drop dead adorable, but she loves the nipple on it!|pos
this dummy is hilarious. i bought it as a joke for a friend and i'm sure it will be well received. hope she uses it on the baby becaise it will look hilarious!!|pos
too big for baby's face making it uncomfortable for her and unusable for us. clear ones worked better and she liked those more...|neg
At first I was worried about the fact that they glow and wondering what is in them but we see no signs of any wear and tear on these after months. It's so great to be able to find them without turning on the light. Just hold them up to a light for like 5 sec and they will glow for the night.|pos
Loved this for my daughter and nephew. It helps the pacifier stay in their mouth while still giving them the freedom to spit it out if they really want. My nephew loved hanging on to the Giraffe when going to sleep. As long as we had this, bedtime was easy peasy.|pos
My son is a pre-schooler now but he LOVED these pacifiers. Baby #2 is on the way and I will be stocking up on these.|pos
My daughter was born prematurely, and this was the first pacifier she was given in the hospital. I've tried others, but these are by far her preferred pacifiers. I like them because they are much easier to thoroughly clean than most others, with no little crevices to harbor dirt or germs. I also feel safer with the one piece design, with peace of mind that these cannot come apart or break. Doubt that would happen with other pacifiers, but being a mom I naturally worry about everything with my daughter.|pos
We've had this little giraffe for three months, and he's endured about two months drooly use now. WubbaNub (or Wubs, as he's called at our house) is a great friend and comfort for our baby. Why? Major pros:<br /><br />* Easy to grip: The feet are just big enough and round enough that she can get a solid grasp on any of them, and sometimes two at a time.<br />* Easy to hold: The little, soft body, which is filled with something slightly softer than beans, is easy for the baby to wrap an arm around, and light enough that she can lift and spin the giraffe with one determined fist.<br />* Easy for chewing: Not only are the feet satisfying for snacking, the little horns at the face make for interesting small chewy pieces against hier gums.<br />* High quality silicone pacifier: The Soothie pacifier that's attached is great, not just for the usual Soothie benefits but also because it's very sturdily attached to the giraffe's body. It can safely travel the washer and then be rinsed in hot water itself for maximum cleanliness.<br /><br />Points for debate:<br />* Doesn't always stay in her mouth longer. Yep, true -- sometimes she tugs it out. But she also seems less likely to have the whole thing drop from her grasp and fall to the floor; Wubs hits the deck much less often than the other, solo Soothies we have around the house.<br />* Longevity: We've had this in heavy rotation (daily play time probably equal to two hours) for a month, and he's showing a bit of wear. I imagine we'll need to restock with a second or third-string Wubbanub within the next three months if his popularity remains strong.|pos
My baby only likes this pacifier.<br />I love the quality and color of this product. The only downside is that sometimes water or baby's saliva gets in them and there is no way to clean this since you cannot take it apart.<br />It was shipped and arrived in time.|pos
The picture shows four pacifiers with four different colors. The actual product is TWO pacifiers and they are identical and clear. If you have two babies, you can't tell which pacifier is for which baby. The picture is misleading!<br /><br />Also, these pacifiers don't have holes by the nose. I have babies about 8 lbs (preemie twins now one month old) and these pacifiers cover part of their nose and make it hard for them to breathe. I don't think they're safe for smaller babies. I would advise getting ones with holes by the nose|neg
The Clevamama Pacifier Sterilizer is a breeze to use and comes with two silicone pacifiers to start you.  We gave this to a teacher at school and she absolutely loves it.  What a thoughful gift! was her exact words.|pos
We were given this pacifier at the hospital because my daughter didn't know how to suck when she was first born(she just chomped down which was pretty painful...). She took it right away and it was nice we could see the way she was sucking through the hole. At home we have about five different brands of pacifiers and this is still the only one she likes (though sometimes she will take a soothie). One nice thing that I love compared to the soothies is that the handle part has a hole in it so I can attach a pacifier holder thing that attaches to her shirt.|pos
I had seen a baby with this pacifier and thought it was cute.  I purchased it for my grandchild.  It is real cute and her mom had wanted it without my knowing it.|pos
Bear was adorable and my 3 week old grand daughter was very interested in it . Seem to give her comfort. I would tell all mothers to purchase one for their baby.  Love that bear .|pos
My son and I both love this paci.  Its so cute plus its easy to find.  I would get all of them if I could|pos
My kiddo was supa' cute! This product is worth it for the laughs. He has enjoyed playing with it beyond Halloween as well.|pos
My son and I both love this paci.  Its so cute plus its easy to find.  I would get all of them if I could|pos
I bought these for a friend whose baby was in the NICU. These are the pacifiers we give the babies in our NICU where I work. The babies love them! I don't know if it's the light sweet smell they have or there fun shape, but those babies quiet right down :)|pos
started using this kind of pacifier after the hospital gave us one. baby gives it 2 thumbs up. still using this (not 3 months + one) at 5 months. will replace at first sign of wear.|pos
Bought this for my nephew.  He loves it!  Really helps them control the pacifier, less spiting out onto the floor.|pos
I had mixed feelings about using a pacifier, but when my baby refused to latch and we were forced to feed him breastmilk from a bottle, he needed some more sucking to soothe himself.  The hospital have us one of these, and we've used them since.  Easy to clean as well.  Buy lots! They tend to disappear around the house!|pos
This is a great little device for easily and quickly sanitizing pacifiers and bottle nipples.  We selected this item because we want our daughter's pacifiers to be as clean and sanitary as possible.  What we didn't know at the time is that we'd be using this more for bottle nipples than pacifiers.  Any new parent knows about the drudgery of endless bottle washing.  Today's high-tech bottles have multiple parts, many of which are difficult to clean well and can't be put through the dishwasher.  We can wash the hard-plastic bottle bases in the dishwasher, but we were handwashing multiple bottle nipples and other soft-plastic inserts every day.  Now we sanitize them all in this handly little device.  It's saved us so much time!|pos
This is a brilliant invention. My twins like smoothie pacifiers anywa, and this helps the keep it in their mouths. The only drawback is its hard to clean and sterilize, but well worth it anyway.|pos
this is a brilliant invention. my twins like smoothie pacifiers anywa, and this helps the keep it in their mouths. the only drawback is its hard to clean and sterilize, but well worth it anyway.|pos
Prevents paci from rolling into the land of nowhere. Saved my sanity when my babies were about 6months old.  Now that they are almost 1, they love the little animal.  My son will not use an ordinary paci to go to sleep. Had to buy some back ups!|pos
Prevents paci from rolling into the land of nowhere. Saved my sanity when my babies were about 6months old.  Now that they are almost 1, they love the little animal.  My son will not use an ordinary paci to go to sleep. Had to buy some back ups!|pos
This pacifier pouch does the job very well. It easily snaps onto my diaper bag handle and I never had any problem with it getting detached or anything. I like that it has a simple, velcro flap closure instead of zipper closure on a round case as many other pacifier pouches have, so it's very easy to get the pacifier out. I usually have my baby in one arm when I want to take it out, so velcro makes it easier for a quick, one-handed opening. I usually keep one NUK pacifier with a Booginhead Paci Grip attached to it, and it's a perfect fit. I have taken 2 pacifiers and it was kind of tight, but if you don't have the strap, 2 pacifiers would fit pretty well too. The outside fabric is wipable so it's easy to clean if anything gets spilled on it or something.|pos
I decided before my baby was born that I was going to use the soothies, so I stocked up. I just kept being told that they were the only ones that their babies would take! But a friend of mine bought me a pack of MAM pacifiers and my baby loves, loves them! The shape of the nipple is great, and the sterilizing box is awesome. I've only ordered some from Amazon once, and luckily I got blue ones for my son. I've also bought some from Target, who carries all different sizes. I gave some to another friend with a newborn and now her baby girl is hooked too! Such a great product with such cute designs.|pos
[[ASIN:B004IY6AGW Mary Meyer Ella Bella Elephant Wubbanub]]<br /><br />I LOVE WUBBANUB'S! What more could I say? This is my second Wubbanub purchase.I ordered one for DBG before she was born with hopes that she would take to it and she did!We have used our first one which was a small pink monkey now for nearly three months and it has been through a lot and still holding up.I wanted to have another as a back up.I ordered the ELLA BELLA Wubbanub because it was just too cute.We finally got it and I am very pleased with it.It is super soft and super cute.It is a good size not too small and not too big...just right and it's not heavy at all,just enough weight to it to help it stay where you want it to.I washed it and tried to give it to DBG and she would have nothing to do with it :( to my suprise.I decided to let her sleep with it for a few days along with her monkey Wubbanub and it worked! I realized that the reason she did not take to the new one at first was because it did not smell familar to her.Now she loves it as much as her monkey and I can wash the other one finally...as she will not do without one :) It is PERFECT in every way,it's a pacifier and her lovey/security,she will only take the pacifier when she's sleepy but she will grasp the legs and hold on tight and cuddle with it.BEST OF ALL: I don't have to dig for a paci EVER!It is so easy to find any time any where.She has a hard time holding one in her mouth(preemie) and this helps her to keep it there and when she does not want it she can just move her head and it falls out/away but stays with her.These are very durable.One of my baby shower gifts from now on.<br />Suggestion on washing:I take a mesh bag(zipped) or pillowcase(tied at the end) and drop the Wubbanub in and throw it in the washing machine on gentle cycle,let it air dry then wash the pacifier with warm/hot soapy water or use a pacifier wipe and we are good to go.<br />I HIGHLY SUGGEST THIS ITEM OR ANY WUBBANUB :)|pos
After searching everywhere and ordering wrong flat tip nuk ones I nailed it. I ordered two packs and got luck the colors where 3 greens and 1 blue thank god since I have a boy I was afraid of getting a girl colored one. I think what helped amazon sort out the right colors was I also included in my order a pacifier clip with the colors green and blue so they probably matched it. Keep that in mind if u order these pacifiers since you can't choose the colors order something else with them with the color gender of you child it might help the person who's picking out your items in wear house. It helped in my case. Thank you amazon.|pos
Convenient and cute. It is nice to have on the carrier.  It matches the diaper bag well too.  I love it.|pos
My grandbaby loves his God Bless Lamb. Kuddles it all the time. The pacifier is just the right size for a 1 to 2 month old and up.|pos
Picture showed blue and green camo but what arrived was pink and purple. Not sure about a pink camo pacifier for my son. All it says is colors vary.|neg
I carried this thing rather awkwardly on my purse for weeks before figuring out that it snaps absolutely perfectly on to the side of the carseat handle. It doesn't get in the way when moving the handle back & forth, either. I've seen at least one review mention that it only fits 1-2 pacifiers, but I have at least three crammed in there. Easy to clean; super convenient--I always know where to find a pacifier! Plus, I never doubt whether or not they're covered in icky stuff after being at the bottom of the diaper bag, etc.|pos
I bought these based on the great reviews, but they were a complete failure.  The round plastic was so big that it covered and kept bumping into my son's nose.  The more he sucked the firmer it pressed on his nose, which he hated so he constantly spit it out.  Another mom I know who likes these admits that she has to hold them in her daughter's mouth or she spits them out.  What's the point of having a pacifier if the child doesn't like it or you have to hold it in their mouth????!!!  We'll stick with the GumDrop pacifiers which have a similar material but much better shape.|neg
These pacifiers are awesome.  I love that they glow in the dark so I can see them in the middle of the night if baby wakes up after spitting it out.  I just wish I could've found them in the smaller size when I first introduced the pacifier to my baby.|pos
Money wasted. I bought 4. The pink one is hard to find too so she's stuck on the green ones.|neg
My son tried 6 different pacifier brands and this was the only one he would use. I've purchased close to 100 of them in the last year, since we lose them like crazy. Sigh. Anyway, when he needs a pacifier, it's desperate, so we have them all over the house now. I like that these are mostly clear, so we can still see his happy little smirk through the pacifier. And they aren't too distracting in photos, etc. They come in a variety of colors, and we have just about every one of them. I would definitely recommend them, however, it's really up to your baby and their preference. The pricing on Amazon is pretty consistent with Target pricing.|pos
My granddaughter absolutely LOVES her wubbanub.  And it helps us keep track of her pacy.  We absolutely LOVE THIS ITEM!|pos
I use soap when washing pacifiers and the rest of the baby products. If you use soap on this particular pacifier, you can't wash it out. Any way you try to turn the pacifier to get the water stream to wash out the soap, the soap is unable to completely escape. We are back to using regular soothies.|neg
My daughter started using these around 3 months and wont move up! She loves these binkys and these only! Easy to clean and holds up well|pos
My grandbabies love this pacifer, the toy that is attached to it is easy for them to hold and find.  It is easy to wash, I put it in the dishwasher when needed and it comes out good as new.  Better yet it is easy to find and easy to notice when it is dropped.|pos
Our young son has been so much more content since we started using these pacifiers. I am placing another order today.|pos
We purchased this once we removed the breathable bumper (when my daughter started using it to try and climb out, lol). When all the other binkys fall out, this one stays in. Saves me from a midnight trip to give her a binky!|pos
These are really wonderful.  However, they are $10 on lots of other sites including the gumdrop pacifier site and come with a gumdrop pacifier.|pos
My son loves this pacifier and its perfect for church! It is very soft and easy for him to keep in his mouth- not to mention its easy for me to keep up with!|pos
The product met the description and was exactly as pictured. I was very please with the quality. Would buy again!|pos
I purchased 2 pacifiers 'Just Chillin' and 'Pull to sound alarm'. The mommy to be absolutely loved it and burst out laughing along with the guests. It was a hit. The picture doesn't do it justice. It looks very durable and very well made. I was very pleased and I highly recommend for all those with a sense of humor.|pos
My husband and I received these pacifiers in orange while in the hospital after the birth of our daughter.  We had, as new parents, gone out an bought what we thought were great pacifiers (Tommee Tippee).  We quickly learned that what you think you will like vs. what you actually use is sometimes quite different.  I'm not sure if it was because she was born small, (roughly 5.5 lbs,) or because she just likes the feel, but our daughter refuses the TT pacis and instead prefers these alone. The nipple is more similar to a breast, and to a baby who is exclusively breastfed, I would imagine that it is more soothing. We ended up buying more of the Hawaii Medical Gumdrops because they are awesome.  They have a great one-piece design and a little handle that allows you to manipulate the pacifier in you little one's mouth.  I would highly recommend these to any parent.|pos
I watch childern in my home. After someone telling me about these when my 3 yr old was born- it had been her best friend since. It is so nice to have for them to be able to hold and find easily when slips out of their mouths. This is the ONLY binki she never lost!!! Was so nice to have on trips, and was such a comfort to our child. When I started watching 2 new borns, I bought one for each of them. One mom loved it so much she bought some for friends of hers that are getting ready to have babies! :)|pos
The problem with baby products is that I can't actually use them.  Well I could, but that would be kind of weird.  Anyway, I have an almost newborn niece who still uses pacifiers, so this seemed like a good idea.  I'm not a scientist with a microscope, so I can't say if this gets them more sterile or less than other methods.  I guess it works well enough.<br /><br />That is all.|pos
When the product was recieved it was packaged well and all portions of packaging was intact. The product seems to be of great quality and is durable. I intend to buy another variety of billy bob baby pacifiers in the future as my daughter loves hers! Thanks for the awesome product and quick shipping as well!|pos
This was the only pacifier my son would take. But while sterilizing during a football game, my husband melted the only ones we had. This order came promptly and at a good price for 6 units.|pos
These are our favorites. The gumdrops are cuter but my baby always seems to shift them around in his mouth. It's nice and easy that these are round. Every baby is different but these ones work great for us.|pos
What a clever idea.  It's compact, quick, and easy to use which discourages laziness.  I had my daughter try it out for her toddler.  She keeps it on the counter, adds a pacifier (or passy as it's called by her son) when it's dirty, and when it's full, puts it in the microwave. Gabe loves his passy and this gets one to him fast.  This could be a great baby shower gift and I don't think it would be duplicated.  It's not too much to spend either for peace of mind or a gift.  Pacifiers often end up on the floor and I love that this removes the lazy factor--when we don't sterilize and should.  It also comes with 2 pacifiers.|pos
My little guy LOVES this!  It serves as both his paci and lovey, so it is his go to item right now, and has been for about 4 months (he's 9 months now). The monkey's feet are the perfect size for little hands to grasp, and the whole thing is machine washable. My son also chews on the monkey's tail to soothe his sensitive gums when his teeth are coming through.  I received our first one as a gift, and purchased 2 more to have handy. I highly recommend this!|pos
This item was GREAT! it is awesome! GET THIS!! My experience was great! You're baby will love this! I very much enjoyed it because it was soft and squishy!|pos
Orange and Blue! Great product, very happy baby, durable, washes easily.<br />Chomp Chomp, bink, bink! It's great to be a Florida Gator...<br />GO GATORS!!!|pos
We used nothing but Avent pacifiers for our 18 month old, but thought we'd give these a shot when we needed some new ones.  They are brilliant!!  I never realized how genius glow-in-the-dark binkies would be!  Baby loves them and they are a perfect distraction for those occasional nights when she doesn't want to get in the crib - give her one and she is absorbed long enough to conk out.  I put them directly under a lamp for 30 minutes before bedtime if possible so they glow longer --- I find them still glowing enough to find 8 hours later.|pos
One of the greatest baby items we own! We have two of these and I am considering a third! Our lo loves it and We love that she can put it back in her mouth in her own! Just can't say enough about this wonderful product!|pos
This is the only pacifier my baby will take. It keeps him quiet and relaxes him so I give it all the stars|pos
the child does not perceive this as a pacifier nipple<br />perceives as a toy.<br />seems need to use just such birth.<br />to this (now) use normal nipples Avent|neg
We Love our wubbanubs, they are perfect! Very easy to keep up with and stylish! We always get compliments on how cute she looks holding them!|pos
Love the item.  WubbaNub pacifiers are a sure hit for new borns.  They can quickly control it themselves and usually do not care for any other pacifier when they realize this.  The animal body is always soft and cuddly--a plus for baby and mom.  And just throw it in the washing machine or dishwasher when needed.  BabyHaven prices were reasonable and they shipped this immediately.  Makes for easy, quick and appreciated gift for any new baby.|pos
For my baby shower I got around 8 different types of pacifiers...my newborn daughter wouldn't take any of them.  I asked my friend & she recommended this one.  Bought it recently at Baby's R Us, 2 pk for $4.99 and my baby will finally take it! Yay!|pos
My baby loves her wubanub!  The little pink bear helps keep the pacifier in place, and she can hold on to it, even though she's only 2 months old.  Also makes for cute photos.|pos
My 4.5 month old has started waking up all through the night looking for her paci.  She is just barely coordinated to get her paci back in about 1/3 of the time (that I see, although she probably finds it sometimes and I don't even know).  Since she has figured out how to roll over, she only sleeps on her belly.  Mam pacifiers are great for belly sleepers because they have a low profile and don't get knocked out of baby's mouth when she turns her head, and they are super light so they stay in easily.  I have sprinkled like 6 pacis around her head at night to increase the odds that she'll find one.  Until now, she had been using the under six month size, but I wanted to get the 6+ size to see what the difference is.  The shield is a bit larger and so is the nipple, and the nipple is more bulbous at the end.  I haven't noticed that she has an easier or harder time keeping them in than the smaller size.  She seems to not care which size I give her.  The glowing is genius.  Only the knob glows, not the shield or nipple, so the glowing part doesn't touch her face.  Makes it a snap for me to find in the night, and I'm hopeful that it helps her find them more often, too!  I held them under the light for like 10 seconds before I put her down, and they were much dimmer but still glowing 12 hours later.|pos
I love this little monkey! The passy atually come with it and it is permantly attached! my son lov monkeys they are his favorite!!!|pos
My son and daughter-in-law love pirate things.  They decorated the room for the baby boy they were expecting in a pirate theme and we had a pirate baby shower for her (Ahoy, It's a Boy).  I bought this pacifier as one of the many things to fill the whale baby bath tub.  It was a big hit at the shower!|pos
We live in San Diego, California and are huge Denver Broncos fans. All we could find around here in local stores is Chargers gear for our baby. (Boo) So being able to find it on here for the price is great! Happy with the product. Can't wait til our little one is here to use it!|pos
I get that colors may vary. That usually means a different shade of blue. I got pink, what am I supposed to do with hot pink ones? I won't even be able to use these at all.|neg
Buying a pacifier is always hit or miss. Kids are fussy. Thankfully my niece loved this one and it was adorable! Unfortunately the dog got a hold of it, so I had to buy another, but it was worth it! The product came with a cover and didn't break, so I'd recommend it!|pos
I bought this for my 2 month old daughter.  She didn't get it until just shy of 3 months, and now hugs it, and can therefore hold it in her mouth.  I think they are adorable in come in so many cute animals.  I love it!|pos
Item delivered on time, was as described. LOVE IT!|pos
I like this pacifier holder because its large enough to fit 2-3 pacifiers in it and it's great that it can be attached to the outside of the diaper bag for convenience. I really love the Mixed Leaf design as well. I purchased many JJ Cole items for my new baby and I really like all the items I have. They are high quality and very attractive designs!|pos
As a newborn he could only use a Soothie preemie paci because his mouth was small even though he was full term. By 4 & 1/2 months he needed to move to a newborn size so we decided to try a Wubbanub. He adores his monkey Wubba and it fits him way better now that he is a bigger guy. :) And best of all it is easy to find and doesn't bounce and roll when he drops it :)|pos
I use for bottle nipples as well perfect for a diaper bag. Safer than using baby wipes. Great product and price|pos
this product doesn't do what it supposed to. the pacifier is bigger and havier than the toy's head so it falls down, the toy is useless.so expensive.waste of money|neg
Very good and cute soothie. My son picked up on this immediately and easy/soft for him to hold on to it.|pos
I was anti-pacifer. Then I had my baby. Amazing how things change!<br /><br />My son is about a month old and has reflux, which is apparently really common in newborns. Suckling helps the reflux - which means he was nursing constantly - CONSTANTLY. Sometimes 3 to 4 hours in one session. Now that he is back up to birth weight, he was given the clearance for pacifers and bottles. This is the only pacifer that he took to - and it has saved my sanity. Probably his, too. Now that he's not getting a constant supply of milk, his number of spit ups has decreased. But he is still suckling, which helps the reflux. And he's not suckling on me, which gives my body a chance to recuperate. He flat out rejected other pacifers, except this one. I also like that it has the finger hole - I can hold his head with one hand and still have a finger in/on the binky to help hold it in place, and still have another hand free.<br /><br />Buy one pack. If your baby likes it, too, then load up!|pos
My son doesn't like pacifiers, but when he does want one the only one he will take is the Dr. Brown's pacifier.  They are small enough for newborns to take.  The only downside is that you can't choose what color you get.|pos
Received the package VERY fast and I am really pleased with the paci tho so for a diaper cake I am making :)|pos
There's a nice smooth cool side for hot days and a soft fleece side for warmer days. Nicely sized for hugging (not to cover baby) and teething corners make this blankey a recommend!|pos
My daughter loves the soothie binky's and this duck is our third wubbanub paci that we have ordered (we have the lamb and blue bear as well). The only complaint I have with this one, is it doesn't seem to be stuffed very well, and is rather floppy compared with the lamb and bear.<br /><br />Get TONS of compliments on these, and my daughter's day care always knows which Binky is her's without having to label it!|pos
He loves this .he holds on to it can not go without it and he is 3 weeks old .if you have a baby or grandchild I recommend  you get as many as you can of these.|pos
I got this for my 3 month  old and he seems to LOVE it! He gets excited and  gurgles when he sees it coming toward him. I like that it gives him something to clutch and feel while sucking on the paci. I have read that at this age, babies like textures. I am going to order some more so that he always has one to play with wile the other is being washed. That said, others have complained about the paci not being able to separate from the plush part, I just fill a bowl with hot water and Meyers laundry detergent (just a dash) and let it soak for 10 minutes,rinse, squeeze it out and line dry it.|pos
my grandbaby just loves these little things... we have ordered her 3 and i dont think she would want anything else|pos
This is one of those nonsense things that you think that you need when you are expecting your first baby.  Well, once the baby actually comes you will never use this.  Also, the creepy light made me feel like I was doing something far worse than just rinsing the paci off.|neg
I love these! I have used them for my baby since he was about a month old. He is almost 5 months old now. They seem to work great! I love the size. I tried a few other brands and my baby just would not take them. They were all too long or the shape was one he didn't like. These seem to be the shape and length that he likes. I actually bought a ton of these because the baby kept dropping them everywhere. I seriously will not buy any other kind. They don't have these in the store so I have to purchase them on Amazon and just wait for them to be shipped. I will be using these for my next babies for sure.|pos
This pacifier is light and shaped right.Soft and consists of whole thing not different parts. Our son's favorite pacifier.It lets him breath as it has a space for nose.|pos
I love that these pacifiers are all one piece. My baby doesn't take a pacifier too often but when he does hes able to keep it in. He also really loves to just chew on it and I don't have to worry about him hurting himself. Compared to other pacifiers where the plastic is harder. He seems to really enjoy them.|pos
I highly recommend this product to anyone who is or is planning on using nooks for babies. It easily snaps on and off so I have this one hooked onto the diaper bag and another onto my purse. This allows you to now have to dig through pockets or the bottom of bags to try and find the nook. It's right there and easy to grab, especially when you need to ask and older child to bring one to you. It also keeps the pacifiers clean. It can easily fit 2 or 3 in there at a time. The colors are accurate too.|pos
This is a great item to have around. It makes it easy to sterilize paci's and even nipples from bottles. We use this daily. Would make a great shower gift too!|pos
I ordered this Wubbanub pacifier for our daughter who is due in a few weeks. I was excited about it, because it is so much different than the ones they sell in stores. It seems like around where I live they only sell pacifiers that look little boy-ish (Green Frog and Red Dog). So when I saw this I knew our daughter needed it! When it arrived I was so pleased. It is so much cuter in person than the picture (and I thought it was adorable in the picture). I am very pleased with this purchase and would definitely recommend it to others with/expecting a little girl.|pos
our delivery nurse gave us and recommended these pacifiers and i ordered these so my daughter always had a new one and they are exactly like the ones provided at hospital. with added design!|pos
our son loves this soothie! its the only thing he will use. he gags when we tired to give him the other kind of pacifier (he's so dramatic). he just loves it.|pos
I really like Avent products. The only bad part about this pacifier is that it gets water into the nipple when it's cleaned. After repeated washings all this water turns the inside of the nipple cloudy. I have only used avent pacifiers so I don't know if this is common with all pacifiers.|pos
Out of all of the pacifiers that we have tried, this is the only one that works. The pricing also makes this one the best bang for your buck. This pacifier has been very helpful in soothing our newborn. It has saved us from many a sleepless night. If he's not hungry, all we have to do is pop it right back in his mouth and he soothes himself to sleep at night. We have ordered this pacifier over and over and will continue to do so for the next month.|pos
This product has been a hit for my daughter and my new grandson.It is quick and easy and beats boiling water and waiting 5 minutes. Just put in the pacifiers up to 5 and pop into the microwave and it is done. Sterilising in no time. It fits perfectly in any diaper bag and is a must for those on the go. I would definitely recommend this as a great baby shower gift or just for your own use. GREAT PRODUCT. Wish we had these when my kids were growing up!|pos
Love this. It matches everything, super soft, holds up well after many washes (machine wash cold, air dry). Baby loves it especially when going to sleep. Baby is 9 months but when she was a newborn it was great because it was easy to find and stayed in her mouth well. I also have 2 pink princess ones and they both are falling apart:( Definitely recommend the monkey.|pos
The wubanub is great! Its light enough to remain on baby's chest so that you don't lose it. Baby can grab this a bit easier than just a pacifier alone. Her Ellie is her favorite paci & toy! Definitely recommend it to any parent!|pos
Shipping was very fast for this product. I am expecting so I didn't get to use this yet for the baby, but I did get it out of the package and there was not 1 thing wrong with it. It was perfect!|pos
We placed our order on saturday and we received it on tuesday! Very quick shipping and wonderful product. It is almost exactly like the picture except the zebra stripes are grey instead of black. But it is still just as cute!|pos
Love this cow! So cute. My daughter loves it. Very soft and easy to find when my daughter drops it out of her mouth. Would recommend any of the WabbaNub line to everyone.|pos
These pacifiers are the only ones my son would take.  Had to go to the store to stock up.  We now have over 10 and somehow they still seem to get lost.  The translucent edge makes it look less huge in babys mouth.|pos
Dr. Brown's pacifiers are the best for our baby(three months old).<br />She prefers them hands down over other brands I have tried.<br />They work and the quality of the product is great.|pos
Got a free one of these when we registered at BRU. Our son usually takes the Soothies pacifiers used in the hospital. He didn't seem to care for this one, and the shape makes it pop right out of his mouth. I threw it in the diaper bag for an emergency backup, but it's not my first choice. At least the silicone and durable plastic make it easy to sanitize and it comes with a hygienic cap.<br /><br />Please let me know if my review has helped you in your inquiry or purchase|pos
Got a free one of these when we registered at BRU. Our son usually takes the Soothies pacifiers used in the hospital. He didn't seem to care for this one, and the shape makes it pop right out of his mouth. I threw it in the diaper bag for an emergency backup, but it's not my first choice. At least the silicone and durable plastic make it easy to sanitize and it comes with a hygienic cap.<br /><br />Please let me know if my review has helped you in your inquiry or purchase|pos
Adorable sheep! I bought this for my friend for her birthday and she loved it. Soft and cuddly and a nice small size.|pos
Theyre so cute with little faces on them they last long , got here on time . Overall great binky !!!|pos
This is very cute, and it comes with a cover for the nipple part. I am taking it to a baby shower, and will probably get lots of comments on it. I'm very excited!|pos
I bought this with the princess paci clip as part a a twin cess baby gift..they better in person. Since this is a gift for twin I bought 2 extra in case they loose one... I only saw these one other place on the Internet so  they make a unique gift|pos
Love the durability and the quality. Its a great gift for the new baby girl in my life. I know these pacifiers will hold up thru her infanthood.|pos
It's a good buy to get your infant started off in the right direction. I've had no problems with it and neither has my son|pos
This item is great for my 2 month old and she loves it. Since she has really chubby cheeks, the other pacifiers that are more rounded tend to make a red mark on her cheeks. This item, however, does not have the rounded wings on it and it's a great item for her. I recommend this item to all chubby cheeked babies.|pos
Baby boy loves the Soothie pacifier.  The plush toy makes it easy to prop up on the baby so the pacifier stays in place.  Also helps me keep it from hitting the ground when moving him around.|pos
We are very happy with our new little monkey paccie! It's just as pictured and we have used these products before. Easily washable and easy to find if dropped.|pos
I got these for a very good friend who is expecting twins. She is a huge fan like myself and it was a huge hit at the baby shower.|pos
I got this wet bag to throw in the diaper bag for cloth diapers when we are out. It's super cute, and keeps the stink out! It came with a pacifier bag too! Very convienent. Great price too! Love it. I would purchase again.|pos
Pacifiers come with cover, which is great because kids drop stuff and so do parents! Cute colors and stylish designs.|pos
This is my absolute favorite baby product.  This pacifier is amazing.  When my son was a small infant his pacifier would constantly fall out meaning he would wake up and want it back, but being a infant he could not find it.  However with this product, if the pacifier fell out of his mouth it would still be lying on him and he would be able to find it again to sooth him back to sleep.  Not only that, but when he was so young he could start holding it and directing it back into his mouth or pick it up.  Now that he is just over one, it is his lovey, he likes to have it with him when he is ready for a nap or needs comfort.  When he is too old for the pacifier part, I plan to just snip off the pacifier and he will have his little friend he will have a much easier time letting go.<br /><br />Oh and did I mention it is adorable!|pos
This has been a life saver and is super cute at the same time! No more searching for pacifiers in the middle of the night. I recommended purchasing 2 of them. I use 2 in the crib and there's never an issue at night with trying to find a pacifier. Which means more sleep for me! This is all my little one uses!|pos
Wubbanubs are super cute and cuddly. My daughter has used them since birth and she doesn't know any other pacifier. By age 2 her teeth are still perfect and i don't see any indication at this point any teeth being crooked or anything like that. The pacifier is soft and a good quality, nothing your baby would chew and swallow.<br /><br />Would recommend to all new mommy's and daddy's and grandmas too!<br /><br />It makes a great baby shower Gift....one that won't be forgotten!<br /><br />Ive seen ugly red marks on my friends babies faces from using other pacifiers..They are hard plastic so of course they do!!!!<br />Especially when they have been sucking on them all night!!!<br /><br />Long lasting.. My daughter still has two she's had since birth and the nipple is still thick and perfect...<br /><br />Great for teething<br /><br />Helps baby find her paci easy!!<br /><br />PLEASE LET ME KNOW IF THIS REVIEW HAS HELPED YOU WITH YOUR PURCHASE OR INQUIRY! THANKS|pos
These are seriously the best pacifiers I have ever seen !!<br /><br />The pacifier part is the same as soothe pacifier but with a elephant hanging off. The small animal attached to it makes it incredibly easy to find compared to a regular small circular pacifier, which is easily hidden under beds, throughout toys, and behind the couch!<br /><br />For my daughter her Wubbanubs are soothing and relaxing and help her sleep, she couldn't live without them!  She has used them since birth and still does at 2 years old!<br /><br />The dentist recently told us we made a good choice in pacifiers, even though he discourages the use of ANY pacifier!  Her teeth are perfect and I credit that to these pacifiers!<br /><br />5 stars and the best of the best !|pos
DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY! DO NOT BUY THIS TOY! As cute as it gets, we loved it from the very beginning. But after just a few days I founD it right next to my son with the broun horne chewed off, and with stuffing coming out of it.  I was in SHOCK!! Do not even want to think what might have happend .<br />If there were 0 star rating I would have chosen it.<br />DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY, DO NOT BUY THIS TOY.|neg
My title says it all.  This is better than any of the other ones out there, especially if you have a toddler that's always trying to figure out how to take things apart. My little one is obsessed! Thank you to who made this!!!  We use nuk, natursutten, and dr browns with this guy.  Only problem, where can we buy a pink one!!???|pos
I am not sure if it's the shape or the larger size, but my baby just doesn't like it and prefers advent soothies that she got at the hospital. It also changes color a bit once it is sterilized ... so seems weird that it would.|neg
My daughter had grown accustom to the feel of the hospital brand pacifiers since she spent a couple of months there after birth.  I frantically purchased several look-a-likes when we came home.  Even at the her tender age of just a few months old, she was not to be fooled by these silly knock-offs.  I had a diva on my hands and she wanted nothing less than the real thing.  I finally discovered that the Gum Drop pacifiers were identical to the ones provided by hospitals. They have a vast variety of styles and colors like [[ASIN:B000ZEXKJE GumDrop Pacifier Full-Term Natural Scent Orange 5 Pack]] and [[ASIN:B007VSM3CM Gum Drop Preemie Pacifier Vanilla Scent (Green)]] for preemies. Finally we were saved!<br /><br />During my search for the holy grail of pacifiers, I came across these wubanubs and bought them mostly because they were super cute.  And since I was starting a collection of pacifiers, I figured it wouldn't hurt to try.  Love, love, love these.  And my daughter does as well.<br /><br />First let me begin by saying that the pacifier, on these precious dolls, are practically identical to the make and material of the hospital variety and perfect for my little one.  They are perfect for little hands to find and grab in the middle of the night.  My daughter just puts her own pacifier back in her mouth.  I only wished I had found them sooner since my other two children are grown.  I could have saved myself from trips to the crib in the middle of the night to give baby back her pacifier.<br /><br />Although, they are a little pricier than a traditional pacifier...you save money by not having to purchase another two pack because you don't know where the gazillion others you purchased went.  I have yet to lose even one of these.  They also make a great toy for baby as well. While the pacifier is in her mouth she tends to play with the plush and tag. It appears to be a somewhat  meditative motion that helps to sooth her and/or occupy her in her carseat/stroller/crib.  So not only is it a pacifier and toy but it helps build motor skills and actually pacify.<br />There are a number of different colors, animals and even textures like this one [[ASIN:B0031W38YO Wubbanub Plush Pacifier Toy, Mango Monkey]]. The [[ASIN:B0028H3ACS WubbaNub Tabby Kitten]] is my favorite.  I have noticed that this one along with the Tabby cat is slightly smaller than the other ones I've purchased but my daughter loves it just the same.  The pacifier itself is sewn very well to the plush; however, I have cut the pacifier out of just one after its seen some wear.  ( Just as a caution.)  Once you stitch the hole back you have another little toy for baby to play with, unlike the plain pacifiers that you have to dump. They make great gifts and additions to a shower basket.  I have bought many for my friends. When you think of the must haves in baby gear, I personally would add this to my list.<br /><br />Update: To wash or sterilize, I place a small plastic sandwich bag around the plush to prevent it from getting wet. I can then wash the pacifier with warm water and anti-bacterial soap or clean with a baby safe sterilizer.  Then I just take a sterile wipe or even a baby wipe to gently rub the plush doll.  It has worked well for me and keeps baby's gear germ free.|pos
We got this for our boy at birth, and within a few weeks, he could hug it to himself.  So, it was about 50 times less often that we'd have to reach over and adjust his pacifier.  The beads inside help to keep Wubba on our son's chest, even when he was very little, further reducing the amount of retrieval we had to do.  That adds up, and you can count it in whatever sanity is measured by.  The monkey is cute and soft, but very durable.  Whenever he gets grungy, he just goes in the wash with normal clothing.  I LOVE this product so much I got the Giraffe to leave at the in-laws.|pos
I bought two of these pacifiers for a friend's Baby Shower. She LOVED them! I think one might be used on the husband... O_o<br /><br />The items arrived swiftly after purchasing them.<br /><br />GREAT quality!|pos
such a great idea to have these glow in the dark i wish more companies did this with there pacifiers|pos
5 Stars! Recommended for newborns & Toddlers, Nicu babies as well. This is one item I will give as gifts because its unique and I can proudly say that all babies that I know have not refused it and end up falling in love with it!|pos
I bought this for my little one, she loves the 0-3 Soothie so I figured she would like these once she got a bit older. They are same size as the 0-3 green one, they are just a bit more stiff for the older mouth. I would definitely recommend this pacifier.|pos
My wife bought this for our new baby about 2 months ago. She has used it every day since. She loves the soothie brand pacifier and she loves this one a lot. Baby likes to grab the plush body while sucking on the pacifier. Great product, would definitely recommend.|pos
these are great. my newborn can keep this paci in his mouth better than soothies. the nipple is the same shape as the soothie which was important since i'm nursing. we have had zero nipple confusion. our lactation consultant also recommended using a paci (soothies or gumdrops only to prevent confusion) saying they've actually been recommended to prevent sids...SOLD.|pos
I received my first wubbanub at a baby shower, and I am so glad that I did!  It has been a life saver because like the other reviews say, it stays in place very well on my son's chest.  The only negative comment I can make is that the area where the paci is sewn to the doggie mouth has begun to rip and is almost completely separated.  It is beyond repair, but it is worth the $15 to replace.  You will be satisfied with this product.|pos
This is a great pacifier. It is ideal for breastfed babies. That is why it is one of the top pacifiers recommended by docs and hospitals.<br /><br />Even though my baby and I love this pacifier (it is the only one that we use) and I highliy recommend it, I do want think it is important to highlight some of the shortcomings/warnings that people should know about. But even with these problems, it is still the best option out there.<br /><br />Things you should know (but the pacifier is still worth it):<br />1) hard to hold: the little tiny tab on the back is really hard for a parent to find and hold. I have dropped this pacifier many times when trying to hold the little tab.<br />2) it is hard to clip: It is hard to find something to clip and keep this pacifier tied to baby. But that is the point. It is not recommended to stap the pacifier to baby because it is yet another item they can choke themselves with.<br />3) hard for baby to hold control: until baby is a bit older (3-6 months) and has better control of his/her hand, this pacifier is not easy for baby to hold and/or push back into the mouth. Other pacifiers have large handles or areas for small and uncontrolled hands to reach for and grab. Not this one.<br />4) CAUTION ABOUT SIZES: this is really important, and I only discovered this recently. There are two sizes (newborn 0-3 months) and (3+months). THe first size is much softer, the second size harder. It is important to change your baby to the larger size when they reach 3+ months because they start being able to bend the whole pacifier in the mouth and can even accidentally make the whole thing bend and fit in mouth! Super scary and dangerous. Though there are two small holes on either side of the pacifier that should allow baby to keep breathing if this were to happen, that gives me little comfort. The 3+ month size is much firmer and will prevent baby for bending and shoving the whole thing in mouth. So make sure you move to the second size!<br />* (theyhave also changed the way they package and label the sizes, to make everything more confusing! Before it was a newborn 0-3 month size, and then a 3/6month -18month size. Now the second size is simply labeled as 3+ months. Still the same pacifier, just new packaging to make sleep-deprived moms feel even more crazy....)|pos
I thought that the Wubbanub would be more weighted to help in stay in my baby's mouth, kind of like a Beanie Baby. But, it is not weighted at all and didn't do much at all to help the paci stay in my sons mouth. I returned the product.|neg
I always find that once a pacifier is on the floor it needs to be washed. With the pacifier tree I can do a bunch of pacifiers at once, without the hassle of washing them one at a time. Not only is this is great time saver but also helps keep the pacifiers sanitary.|pos
This a great product for baby. It was shipped fast and reasonably priced well. Baby just loved this item. Thanks, Amy|pos
Time savings is what the Clevamama Pacifier Tree is all about. This is a really handy contraption that gives the busy parent a quick, reliable, and easy way to keep pacifiers clean, sterilized, and together. Holds and sterilizes up to 6 pacifiers using the microwave as a super fast way to get things done. This is incredibly easier and quicker than boiling them in a pan of water on the range. As far as construction quality goes, it feels plenty sturdy. I can see no reason why it wouldn't hold up to regular use with no problem, provided you don't throw a tantrum and throw it against a wall, in which case you'll probably be needing the pacifiers for yourself instead of for baby. It really is a nice design, it's compact, making it easy to store in a cabinet or on a counter-top without it being invasive. Definitely one of those things you don't realize you need until you already have one, then wonder why you went so long without one.|pos
My son loves this and holds the giraffe too! Ordered a bear too ! Easy to wash with mesh bag in machine.|pos
We've always used AVENT brand pacifiers and our daughter has never had a problem with them. We boil them for 2-3 minutes before giving them to her, and put them in the dishwasher regularly. They clean very well, and they are durable. The only thing is that when we hand wash them with dish soap, the soapy water gets into the inside of the nipple from the handle part, like the picture part of the binky. So we have to hold the pacifier nipple-side-up and squeeze the nipple for the water to come out. Otherwise we love these pacifiers.|pos
These are absolutely adorable and useful. They are bigger so they keep the pacifier in babies mouth and also are good for baby to hold. I love these.|pos
my daughter is a pacifier junkie, and while it would be nice to start weaning her off of them, i value my sleep at night, so i got these to replace lost ones and seems to satisfy her fine.|pos
After trying numerous other brands, this is the only one my dd would use. They are also cute & come with a carrying case.|pos
Honestly I didn't think I needed one more convenience item to take up counter space. But the price is low enough to consider giving it a try. Once I realized how simple it was, how little space it actually took up... well I'm hooked. First off I want to say that most of the time there are over 10 pacifiers floating around the house. Someone is always picking them up and putting them on various counters, tables etc. Since putting this handy device on the counter, now everyone just tosses the found pacifiers right into it! Makes it convenient, because I can always find one when I need and I know it's been sanitized. The bonus was that it came with pacifiers, so we have plenty to go around. Overall I wouldn't normally consider buying this item, but now that I have it, I think it rocks!!|pos
great pacifiers for babies.  it gives them something to hold while on the pacifier and after weaning our kids off the pacifier, we cut off the pacifier part and they had little stuffed animals to sleep with.<br />we purchased a total of 5 for both our children, and is our go to gift for our friends with newborns.|pos
My children are long grown!  I haven't shopped much in the baby field since I don't have grandchildren but this is the cutest item I have seen in a long time.  I love the covers that are on pacifiers now, how smart.  bj|pos
I've been watching my sister's newborn for the summer and this has been more than a stress reliever for me. I don't know what is is but as soon as I put the pacifier in his mouth, if I turn for a second -- it's on the floor. With the pacifier tree, I just put a bunch in, nuke 'em, keep some distilled water nearby, dip them, and pop them right back in to the lil' bundle of joy's mouth. I have to say, when I had my triplets, I wish I would have known about this product! It is easy to keep clean. I even dropped it and it didn't break! I can't recommend this enough, if you want an extra bit of time saving along with peace of mind.|pos
This product makes sanitizing pacifiers so easy and quick! I don't use bottles so I didn't need a big sanitizer, this is small so it doesn't take up much space at all. I wish I had found it sooner.|pos
If you are a Hello Kitty fan, these are a must for your little princess!  They are exactly like the regular NUK pacifier 6-18 months, just adorned with awesome HK|pos
if your baby likes smoothie pacifiers then this is perfect! no more lost binkies! my son loves it and it's super cute, i ordered another one the next day!|pos
The expected mom loved it. It got here fast.<br />Would buy again. Other people asked me where I got it.<br />Though I think you have to wait till baby gets older, not for new born.<br />You should buy it if you want a unique gift. That's why I bought it. My friend was saying at the baby shower she got lots of new born clothes and the baby would never be able to use them all.|pos
We all love this! Daughter likes to hold monkey's paw even when not using the soothie.  Friends and family think its such a cute idea.  I was little worried about price but she enjoys it so much! The monkey is well constructed and so soft.|pos
This was a great gift for my grandson.  He loves these little pacifiers.  At 4 weeks he can push them into his mouth!|pos
Great idea to make mom and others laugh and a plus for the baby. Why? Because he will recieve more attention of course!|pos
Our first daughter did not take to the pacifier, but our second sure does! A friend recommended this brand after trying many with her daughter. We found this brand to stay in the best and keeps her nose clear as it is small.|pos
for the inconsolable baby, especially during the middle of the night, this item just might do the trick.  if they never get used, that's ok too.|pos
My grandson, who is now 5 months old, cannot be far from his pacifier when he is tired...it calms him and off he goes to zzzzz!  This is a wonderful item....He has two other animals.....I love it because it is easily found....AND it is machine washable!  Now that he is a little older, he can put it in his mouth himself!  One caution!  The puppy I got was NOT brown, it was a gold color...but I didn't care!|pos
We have loved thr Momma Bear since my son was a baby & now we love giving it as a gift.  I'm glad Amazon has them!|pos
This is the second one of these we have purchased and they are both great products. Would definitely recommend purchasing. They are nice because I don't know how many pacis we have lost but these are pretty hard to lose track of.|pos
We bought TONS of Nuk pacifiers for our baby and they were fine...until one day when I picked her up at daycare, the woman told me she had the best nap she had ever had there (slept for hours for the first time). Ok this might be gross and unhygienic but our daughter picked up another baby's paci and immediately calmed down and went to sleep (it was a Mam). what! that night I ordered these on Amazon and we will never ever use another brand of Paci. She loves them. I have no idea what it was...but these things are awesome. Right around when we got her these she started sleeping through the night (I can't directly contribute it to these but I can't discount it either). I'm a little bummed because I have a pile of literally 20 Nuks that I am just going to end up throwing away but sleep is worth it as you other mommies know :-)|pos
I got these for my son when he was around two months. Prior to that I had used the smaller size in Mams (Mam Start). This is the only brand our son likes, when I would give him a different brand he would just spit it out. I love the cute designs, although it says colors may vary and we were sent pink, oh well! I also got the Mam pacifier clip.|pos
A must have!  We have several of these attached to everything from our stroller, to our baby carriers, to shopping carts/high chairs.  Our son seems to be determined to throw his toys everywhere so these are invaluable to us.  We use them not only on toys, but also on snack cups and anything it will latch on to.|pos
This is one team my fiancee and I can agree on. We don't have a baby yet but wanted to make sure we got the deal on them now.|pos
We have 8 different Wubbanubs and they are great.  My daughter absolutely loves them.  The best thing about these paci's is my daughter can grab the stuffed animal part and put the paci back in her mouth in the middle of the night--saving my husband and I from having to get up and do it.  We can't live without Wubbanub!!!|pos
Great quality! Great product! My grandson loves his new pacifier! I bought 6 or 7 differnet pacifiers and my grandson didn't like any of them until we found this one. He loves the large round center! I now have a happy baby boy!|pos
My kid didn't love paci's but if we could get him to take one this was the only one he would take.  Seems like its lighter and easier for him to hold in his mouth?|pos
These things are great. We have had two previous ones (one for the diaper bag one for home)for a long time now and a round of bad luck hit us when we lost both of them just within a couple of weeks because my son threw them out of the stroller and I didn't notice :(. We ordered another right away because my son, now 11 months, loves holding on to the little animal. After losing our last wubbanubs I realized they were a security blanket for our kiddo. The other huge plus is that unless you have a baby like mine who likes to throw them out of the stroller they are so hard to lose, which is good!! These would also make fantastic gifts. I ordered our first one because I thought it was cute....little did I know how amazing they actually are.|pos
My coworker called these things baby crack and said that if your baby's given these pacifiers in the hospital, she's reject all others.  My coworker was right!  My baby absolutely loves these, and rejects all other pacifiers.<br /><br />I gave this 5 stars because, as the mother of a colicky baby, anything that calms her down is a godsend.  One thing I don't love about them is if you drop them, they both bounce and roll.  Doesn't sound like a big deal until youre crawling around on the floor at 3 am with a wailing baby in one arm, praying the thing didn't roll behind the couch.|pos
I never loose this pacifier cause it's attached to an animal. The baby never loses it cause it's tucked into his shirt which also keeps it in his mouth. Great product. Already recommended to everyone!|pos
This little doo-hicky is great.  The tree hangs a lot of pacifiers, the top rotates and clicks into place to lock it closed...keeps out dust or anything else that might cling to the nipples...and the bottom has a non-slip ring so it stays in place on the counter nicely.  This is so much better than the drawer or diaper bag for storage...I can find the pacifiers now :) and no one is touching them unless they are getting one out.  It is a very simple and effective tool for sterilizing them also and works exactly how it was supposed to.<br /><br />The bonus pacifiers are nice too...they are cute and of a very nice quality and my little guy likes them better than his old binks...so that's a real bonus.  This is a product I definitely think is worth purchasing for a simple and nice way to clean and store pacifiers.|pos
Our baby girl who is almost 3 months, is able to hold her pacifier in her mouth because the WubbaNub is big enough for her to grip on to. She has enough dexterity to hold the lamb with her hands, and she is so cute squeezing it as she falls asleep. We love the WubbaNub, it's her favorite pacifier by far. I totally recommend it for your babies.|pos
Great baby shower gifts!!<br />If you choose to use a pacifier this is a must have for infants! With our first child we used traditional pacifiers and we were constantly having to put it back in our child's mouth when it would fall out. But not the Wubba! This toy/pacifier is ingenious! It cuts down the need to replace it in the child's mouth drastically. If baby is sleeping with their head tilted to the side you can gently position Wubba so it is a prop up to hold the pacifier in baby's mouth. When baby is on their back looking up at the ceiling you place wubba on their chest and even if their little mouth relaxes and falls open during sleep, Wubba holds the pacifier gentaly in place so when baby seeks it -it is there! Before you know it little one will be holding on to it (great for helping to develop dexterity) and its too cute! We used to joke about how we wished there was a type of pacifier headgear... Well this is the closest thing to that without the odvious no-no's a headgear would bring ;-)|pos
i get laughs in church and at the store with this in my kids mouth. It is actually his favorite binky!|pos
These are the ONLY pacifiers my son has ever truly liked, and I have tried a number of different types, shapes, and brands with him. They are awesome, and I know my son also thinks so because these are the only pacifiers he wont spit out.|pos
My baby will take no other pacifier!  The hospital gave us this one, and she LOVES it!  I have tried the gumdrop pacifiers because they are supposedly the same nipple as these, but she spits those out.  She instantly calms down with theis pacifier.|pos
There really is no difference between these and any other pacifiers just the look.  But beings that my wife is a Packers fan it sure is fun having the Cowboys pacifiers around.|pos
As is common in these free-thinking, immoral days an unwed single mother left her unwanted child on my doorstep. At first I tried to phone social services they called me a racist homophobe and hung up. The police were similarly unhelpful. What was I to do? My wife suggested drowning him, but the council forces us to sort our rubbish at gunpoint, and which recycling bag do babies go in? It was clearly not the answer.<br /><br />Several times I tried leaving him at the local park, but no-one would take him - not even the strange homeless man with the 'Jesus is Love' sandwich board. It looked like we were doomed to a life or depressing parental drudgery.<br /><br />Then we discovered the 3ct Diamond Pacifier. At first we were skeptical - diamonds are mined in the third world, where poor people live! But we did notice it is pleasingly shiny and pacifier-shaped. Anyway, for less than the price of buying up the whole planet's nuclear weapons, we were rid of our problem! We simply popped it in his mouth and left him in what the proletariat call a shopping mall. He was gone in seconds!<br /><br />Thank you! If only all of life's problems could be solved by buying a $17,000 diamond pacifier. Unfortunately only most of them can.|pos
We love these pacifiers. They are so much softer then the regular silicone pacifiers. Even if you don't get these for health reasons get them because they are much softer and gummier for the baby. We have used them since our boy was born. Even though he is breastfed, we did not have any issues with nipple confusion. He took the pacifier when he was not hungry. When he was hungry he didn't want it. They do have to be replaced once they become sticky. But for sanitary reasons it's best to replace any kind of pacifer after about 2-3 months.|pos
There are a few companies who make the Gumdrop pacifier and this one is the best. It is the most flexible, soft and lightweight. If your child cant keep the soothie in, get these! I used these until my daughter got the hang of her soothie.|pos
If I had seen this in a store I would have never bought it because at first I thought it was impratical. But after seeing such good reviews and seeing that the price wasnt steep I caved, and I'm so happy I did. Trust me when I say if your child likes the soothies they will ADORE this. My daughter doesnt even use the pacifier half the time and she loves the monkey. She has three of these (we had four but the dog ate one) and we keep one in the main areas of the house and one in the carseat. It is her little travel buddy, SO CUTE|pos
I love these little guys! So cute, so easy to find, and pretty cheap. Just make sure your kid loves the soothie and your dog doesnt find it before you.|pos
Bought this for my friends baby and had some good laughs! and it shut him up for a while too!|pos
My daughter loves these pacis and now that shes teething she loves to chew them with my finger underneath. Cute colors and delivered on time. Would reccomend to anyone who has a child that is teething that was/is breastfed as they are more like Mom then other brands.|pos
I loves these but my daughter hated them she preferred her favorite paci...they r nice and very flexible don't have any hard plastic ,so if u have a wild sleeper they won't b hurt but these if they roll over it or hit it wit their face if it falls out!! :)|pos
These tethers are long enough to allow baby to play the attached toy but not too long to be dangerous.  Snaps securely on both ends.  I'm quite happy and would order again.|pos
These are the same as other nuk pacifiers except they have hello kitty on them! My granddaughter loves them.  I have sterilized them hand washed them several times already and the image is still perfect.  I was afraid it would rub off, but no worries.|pos
These are the cutest things, and trust me after 3 brothers she is definitely the Princess. The pacifier just helps everyone else to know she is the Princess.|pos
I have tried Dr.Brown's pacifier and he hates it. Now after my doctor's recommendation I got this and my baby loves it.|pos
This is a great pacifier. I purchased this right before the birth of my little girl and she has been using it since the first day she was born. Its easy to find if its dropped. She loves the softness and print of the giraffe. Its super easy to wash as it is machine washable. I recommend this to everyone. I've purchased another one for a friend since we love it so much. You won't regret it.|pos
This is a total ripoff.  It looks nice, but remember the 4 C's?  That's right, they tell you how many Carats, but what about cut, clarity, and color?  For my child, nothing less than a vs1 or an F will do.  Hold out for a better diamond.|neg
We love this paci tether!  As with all toys, parents should watch for degradation of materials.  We use this as a tether, not a 'teething' toy.  When I see a crack, I remove the bead, removing just 1 or two beads does not render this tether useless.  I've only lost 1 bead on each of the tethers I own (2).|pos
Our particular daughter Mia loves the pink binkys so she was very happy to receive these in the mail quickly|pos
The product was purchased as a gift and the new Mom loved it.  She thought it was very clever. It was delivered in a timely fashion and there weren't any problems to report.|pos
My daughter was having a hard time keeping her paci in, and every time we put her to bed it would pop out and she would start fussing until we came and put it back in. I wanted something to prop it in there with but didn't want to have a suffication hazard so I found the Wubbanub! & it worked like magic! We set it on her chest or on the bed next to her and it keeps her paci in until she doesn't want it. Also she Loves to hold on to the soft giraffe- it's like a double soothe. It was smaller than I thought which I was happy about. I didn't want anything to overwhelming for her. (It's about the size of a beanie baby) Everytime we go places people are always commenting on how cute it is.. and how cute she is with it!|pos
I see not a very good opinion about this product. It got broken after 1.5 month but still it was my daughter's favourite one. And I getting another one. I feel I cannot expect the plastic not to brake when her binky is 20 times a day drop on the floor. That's how my daughter treated it. In fact it looks to bulky on her face but it is only us, the baby doesn't care. And of course she played with it folding and opening the wings nonstop. It realy saved me from cleaning her pacifier too often a day.|pos
This is the only pacifier my daughter will take so I have to give it a good review! We tried Nuk and she constantly spit them out. The Soothies look big but are perfect from newborn to 3 months. Everyone gets a kick out of looking inside the hole to see her sucking on it. The only issues I have with these pacifiers are that pacifier clips don't go on them easily and the thing bounces like a rubber ball when it hits the floor!|pos
I am so pleased with this adorable erosion of the elephant wubbanub. This product is not only cute, it's a lifesaver for babies who constantly spit out their pacifier. Highly recommended.|pos
I tried countless other pacifiers with no luck before finding these. My son loves these and they really help him at nap time. Glad to find them because the stores are no longer carrying them.|pos
Honestly, the manufacturer says that this sterilizes pacifiers, but I have a very hard time believing them.  Now, I've not done any scientific tests, but this thing is very cheap looking/feeling plastic, takes a few AAA batteries and when you press it down (sometimes) a very ordinary light comes on and then switches off after awhile. Again, it may work, but if I had to bet whether it did or didn't, I would whole heartedly bet on that it didn't. The manufacturers might do well to either make the light brighter or make the thing hum or vibrate so it looks like it is doing something, but no - a normal light comes on and then it goes off and miraculously the pacifier that just fell on the floor is supposed to be sterile? I don't know.<br /><br />I do know that if it has snot on it or small pieces of dust or dirt, they don't fall off. They don't look different after going into this gadget, so I would save myself the money and buy some wipes that will at least get the junk off of a pacifier that falls on the ground or your kid has been sucking on forever, because at least it cleans it off.  It is up to you to decide whether to believe this cheap feeling imported machine actually sterilizes, but if you're a skeptic like me, save your money.|neg
My 7 month-old daughter loves this pacifier. She also uses it as a teether. She chews it from both sides. It's safe and very soft, she can't hit herself with it, or get hurt when she rolls over it while asleep.|pos
Love these wipes for their quality and mildness ! My baby often drops her pacifier and other teething toys and these come to my rescue ALL the time ! My baby's occupational therapist was astonished to hear about wipes for pacifiers available these days :))|pos
this is the only pacificer my 8 month daughter will take.. it is all one piece and easy to clean.. it is true to the picture unlike someone said and it says colors vary so you cant be picky on what colors you get. luckily i got pink so i was happy but i really wouldnt have cared but they are not in stores where i live so i have to order them off amazon.. thank you for carrying them!!!|pos
Great, I just loved the baby MUTE BUTTON pacifier! It arrived in a timley manner in great condition and looked even better than described in the ad.|pos
What I love most is the fact that its one piece & easy to clean,<br /><br />Also- these are extremely cheap|pos
MY SON LOVES LOVES LOVES THESE They are softer than the ones from WALMART. They are bendy, and he is 5 months now, but took them well since he was born. I love the cut out so it doesn't cover his nose, like the old ones from the hospital|pos
I ordered these pacifiers for my grandson because they were like the older style I had used with my kids.  They were shown in blue, and said colors may vary, and I knew without a doubt, we would end up getting the pink ones.  We have a boy and wanted any other color except the pink.  He does like these pacifier's better than his other ones, but my daughter won't use them when we take him out anywhere in public. He's only 2 months old and you can't really tell if he is a boy or girl at this age.|pos
We have other Wubbanubs but wanted something different. This is a very cute pony and matches many outfits. The baby likes this paddy just as well as his first one.|pos
Eco friendly and safe. My baby is 100% breastfed and took these with no hesitation. He likes to suck a lot and momma needed a break. I love the fact that these are 100% natural hevea rubber.|pos
I was pretty disappointed at how breakable this is. It seems very flimsy and for the price I was not impressed at all. Wish I hadn't of purchased it.|neg
My 3 day old granddaughter came a little early - 36 weeks, 5 lb 12 oz - and she would just gag on any other pacifier.  The lamb is really cute and it helps keep the pacifier in her mouth.  Highly recommended.|pos
My baby boy loves his Lambie. So much so that I am purchasing a second one.<br />The lamb is soft and cute and is still going strong after 5 months.|pos
My wife has wanted a Serta sheep for years and I finally got her this little guy a little while ago and she loves it.  It is well made, the price was good, and it is just all around very cute.|pos
My daughter absolutely loves these pacifiers!  She won't take any other kind, plus they are super cute..... we have the giraffe and pink pony as well and i am always getting compliments on them.|pos
I bought this partly for the fun aspect not expecting my baby to like it. I let him look at himself in the mirror and he was laughing nonstop!|pos
We received all brands of pacifiers from friends and family at our baby shower.  They must have known something that we did not!  My parents never used pacifiers with me or any of my siblings, so I wasn't completely convinced of their necessity UNTIL we discovered that we have a colicky baby!  We are now masters of the 5 S's: swing, swaddle, shhh, stomach/side, and SUCK.  Consequently, we've tried all the different pacifiers that we were given,and the ONLY ones that our baby consistently accepts are the GumDrop pacifiers.  We would all be miserable without them!|pos
I'M SUPER HAPPY WITH MY PURCHASE. ITS WAY BETTER THAN WHAT ITS DESCRIBE AS . ITS SUPER CUTE, GREAT QUALITY , IT CAME WITH THE PACIFIER IT ARRIVED ON TIME. I WOULD LOVE TO BUY MORE SUPER SATISFIED. PERFECT SIZE FOR A BABY.|pos
When I saw this pacifier attacher, I thought it was the cutest thing ever! Honestly, I didn't want my son using a pacifier past six months old, but I'm picking my battles. I ordered this when he was about four months old. When he was about five months old, he was able to put the paci in his mouth by himself. I think having the giraffe attached to it made it easier for him. This all translates into longer naps and more sleep at night. We get so many compliments on how cute this thing is. I think when we're ready to wean him off of the paci we will cut it off and still let him play with the giraffe. But seriously, he loves it!|pos
My son loves this teddy. It puts him to sleep and soothes him. It also helps him stay in a deep sleep. Sometimes if I shut it off too soon he will wake up instantly and cry. Best $20 I've spent in a while!!!!!|pos
Our son is exclusively breastfed and I was concerned about giving him a pacifier. We waiter a few weeks after birth and tried the Soothie. He took to it immediately and now uses it to fall asleep for naps.<br /><br />Since buying it, I've tried introducing other pacifiers. Nope, no go. Only Soothie will do.|pos
Pacifiers were as I expected them to be. Good price for a busy mom who can't always make it out to the store after the puppy eats another binky.|pos
Once my newborn reaches a deep sleep, I place him in his pack n' play with this bear in the corner with the volume on low.  This bear works great for keeping him asleep and the sound isn't nearly as obnoxious as some of the lullaby music that we have to listen to on his swing.  I would definitely recommend this because it's super cute (baby's first teddy) and it works for my baby!|pos
Bought this little bear for my baby because she was having a hard time keeping the soothie in her mouth without someone holding it. She sleeps with it at night and even when she doesn't use the paci she falls asleep cuddling it! So CUTE!!|pos
We love these binks.  I also like that with the size 2, gunk doesn't build up around the base of the nipple.  Stays very clean.|pos
My daughter was always a bit of a pacifier addict but once we switched from Soothies to these at about 5 months, she didnt want to let them go. The other amazing thing is that with the loop on the back she can carry them around on her own very easily AND when she was smaller, the bulb style ones made it much harder for her paci to fall out and wake her up. My daughter is now 10 months old and has been through many of these. I know they aren't as cute in color but being natural and seeing how much she loves them has encouraged me to continue to purchase them. Now I just have to figure out how to get her to not want them anymore since she is almost 1 : (|pos
My son loves NUK at all times. He is 4.5 months now. we try to avoid the paci during day. In the night we let him have one.<br /><br />NUK fits his mouth perfectly. He does spit it out once in a while but mostly he holds it in..<br /><br />Soothie - well he doesn't recognize soothie as a pacifier. For some reason, he doesn't suck on it most of the days. Even when he is cranky, he will not suck on soothie for long. Probably the shape of it doesn't appeal to him. I cannot talk about how habit forming it is, as my son is just 4.5 months old.<br /><br />NUK Pros:<br /><br />My son loves it, he is able to hold it in his mouth for long periods<br />Orthodontic, so I worry less about my sons teeth allignment<br /><br />NUK cons:<br /><br />Water enters the nub when I wash the paci. I squeeze and shake to get it out.<br />Sometimes when he sucks it for too long, the shape of the exterior of the paci leaves an impression around his lips.<br />In amazon, pink color and green color are paired, boy colors are not exclusive.|pos
We absolutely love our Elle it is the cutest thing ever! Great product!  Would definitely recommend, if your baby likes smoothie pacifiers|pos
It is hard to find the silicone pacifiers in the biggest size, but not on Amazon. My son refuses to use the latex kind. This is his favorite. Now we just need to figure out how to break the habit.|pos
My son LOVESSSSS Wubbanubs. He has four different ones, and the blue pony is his ABSOLUTE FAVORITE. This thing is literally always hanging out of his mouth. He loves to crawl around with not only the paci part in his mouth, but varies between the legs and tail as well. It hilarous looking at him with the pony hanging out of his mouth by a leg. I have to wash it at least every 3-4 days, due to how dirty it gets with him constant use. I just throw it in the washing machine, and its been fine. When I hold this Wubbanub up, his eyes light up and he snatches it out of my hands. This wubby, as we call it, has saved us on many car trips and meltdowns. I picked it up as an impulse buy and I'm so thankful I did!|pos
My daughter loves these pacifiers but I am going to have to get rid of them. She was dozing happily and screaming the next moment. I rushed over to see what was wrong and found her finger wedged in one of the four holes! I had to pry it off her finger was jammed in there so tight! Her finger was bright red and she was upset for ages. What kind of a design is that!? They know babies with little fingers will be touching the pacifier... So they put baby finger traps on the pacifier?! Awful!<br /><br />Also as others have said, water from washing gets trapped inside the nipple, creating a bacteria risk.|neg
I got a few of the Gumdrop pacifiers from the hospital when my daughter was born 4 months ago and I love them.  She's not a paci addict like my son was so it helps to have the hole that I can stick my finger in to help her grip it.  We still have a few unused from the hospital but I wanted to buy some in different colors.<br /><br />Note: I tried the Nuk pacifiers too because we received some at our shower but she would not even keep them in her mouth.  I don't think she liked the shape of the nipple.|pos
Unique, fun, ad functional. Better than the cheap-o fabric/velcro ones! I bought a few different styles of the bink links and they are all very cute. Especially nice because they will fit through the holes of the big Soothie pacis.|pos
I got this for my 10 month old son. I wasn't sure if he would like it because this is not the brand of pacifier he normally uses but he loves it!! I plan on getting him more!|pos
I love this pacifier. The fact that it's one piece is great! Easy to keep clean and it's safe for baby!|pos
These are really great. Daughter loves them. The only thing is that a little water gets in it when you wash them, but I think that happens with all pacifiers. They are cute and do the trick. They don't leave a mark on the face like the Nuks do.|pos
I love these rubber pacifiers! I love that they are chemical free & come from a natural plant, the rubber tree, vs being manufactured like silicon. My little one loves to suck on these!|pos
I bought this (and a couple of other designs) for my niece that I will be visiting soon.  It is adorable!  I hope she loves the functionality of it as much as I'll love looking at her using it.  I really like the fact that it is machine washable.  I'm going to suggest to the Momma to either keep it in the memory box when the baby outgrows using it.|pos
I bought this (and a couple of other designs) for my niece that I will be visiting soon.  It is adorable!  I hope she loves the functionality of it as much as I'll love looking at her using it.  I really like the fact that it is machine washable.  I'm going to suggest to the Momma to either keep it in the memory box when the baby outgrows using it.|pos
I tried tommee timpee and this other generic paci. My daughter didn't like. My niece showed me a pic of her friend's son w/ this paci and said her friend only uses this because he loves it. I remembered this was the type they used in the hospital and she loved. I brought a pack of two for her and she loves them. I didn't know they had different colors. I'm going to order the pink and purple since she's a girl. These pacis are a life-saver.|pos
These are the only pacifiers my daughter will take, and they are hard to find nowadays. You don't get to choose specific colors, but who cares? Your baby couldn't care less about what color their sucky is, but if you're the type who gets butt-hurt if you don't get everything the same color or if your boy has a pink paci, look elsewhere!|pos
We tried a few different types of pacifiers before these. These were the only ones that my daughter would use, so we bought a bunch of them. They last well through washes and sterilization.|pos
This pacifier is beautiful!! I bought it for my girlfriend and she absolutely loves it!! She thinks its the cutest thing in the world! I will definitely be buying more from this buyer! Shipped fast and had ZERO PROBLEMS|pos
We had basically weaned my two year old of the pacifier - but we bought this one to use for his Halloween costume.  It made the whole costume and was completely adorable.  We got lots of comments, and since he already liked pacifiers, he had no trouble keeping it in his mouth.  He was pretty much the cutest vampire ever.<br /><br />We only used it for that purpose - and thankfully our big boy had no trouble giving these up for good after! :)|pos
Very funny...my nephew loves to walk with this pacifier around and besides it is very hard so it doesn't break.|pos
It is very funny to see my nephew walking around with this pacifier, he loves it and it doesn't break when it falls down.|pos
I love these pacifiers. My son was born into the NICU and was given the same pacifier. I thought it was big and ugly, so I tried to get him to use the smaller ones, he refused. I found these one day and loved the different animals on the end. I throw the whole item in the washer and dryer, then wash off the pacifier with soap and water before I give it to my son. He loved it, he would hold on to it's arms and pluck it into his mouth when just a few months old. Then when I no longer wanted him to use a pacifier, I cut it away and he was still able to comfort himself with the stuffed animal. They also make great gifts!|pos
We love our Wubbanub! It's great for my son who's not all into binkys, but when he's tired the likes to have this guy around to hold on to. His old binky would fall out of his mouth and wake him up. If this falls, he just grabs it, puts it back in and falls right back to sleep! Makes a great shower gift, too.|pos
Very unhappy with the quality of this bear.  Every time it is touched fur comes off in clumps.  The auto off function does not work.  The eyes are not safe for babies and could be pulled off.  This item is not safe for to have around a baby!|neg
Gumdrop pacifiers were the ones my daughter was sent home with from the hospital and the only ones she would take from then on lol they work great and without them I dont think she would have ever soothed herself back to sleep on those restless nights lol.|pos
My family and I love these pacifiers because they are all one piece. They are, sanitary, easy to clean, no hard pieces and all natural.|pos
We have used these pacifiers for several little ones & they are definitely our favorite pacifiers. The babies were very happy with them!|pos
I ordered the Wubbanub Monkey for my expecting daughter-in-law.  She has decided my grandson's nickname is going to be lil monkey.  I thought this would be a perfect little gift to add to my growing collection of gifts for my first grandbaby.  My daughter in law loves, loves, loves this monkey.  She said it was her favorite gift at her recent baby shower. Even though my grandson is not born yet, I am sure this pacifier will always be his favorite.|pos
This Boston Red Sox Baby Set was such a delight to give as a gift. The whole set is very cute and hard to find in stores. I am very pleased with the whole set and will be back when we need another baby gift.|pos
This Pacifier is ADORABLE!!  I really loved it, the caption says it all!  Good Price & Good Quality.  Amazon Always!|pos
My 3 1/2 month old has been attached to his monkey since he was about 3 weeks old. He doesnt need/use the pacifier for longer than a few minutes, but his face lights up when he sees his monkey. When he started day care I made sure it went with him so that he would having something familiar and comforting with him during the day. It has defintely helped him develop his dexterity and can easily reach for/handle the monkey.|pos
But make sure you get a pacifier holder (that is compatible with this type of pacifier).<br />It is as titled, a soother that leaves parents worrying not about orthodontic problems later on.<br />There is a good reason why modern hospitals are equipped with these.<br />Bonus, also serves as a good early teether; mmm, chewy.|pos
The arms on the bear are too short.  The bear is also pretty fully stuffed  which means the combo of short arms and heavy bear the bear pulls the bink out rather than help it stay in.|neg
Bought these for my new great-nephew. From what I understand, these are 'good ones'. Something about the inside construction. Anyway, these are his favorites, of course.<br /><br />Go Blue!|pos
My daughter has really chubby cheeks. As an infant, the sides of paci's would almost cut into her cheeks. But these particular pacis don't. They curve away from the face a bit. So much more comfortable. They leave NO lines on her face. These are the only pacis that I've found that curve away. The clear color is hard to find once dropped. So stock up!!!|pos
This is the first review that I've had to put in all caps. If I could prevent another parent from saving their hard earned money then I'm going to try doing so. I'm a mom of a now 4 month old and saving money is my business. Yes I got this for free and it's a good thing I did because it would have been back in the mail to Amazon within a week which is all of what it lasted while I had it.<br /><br />Yes it's a great idea but unfortunately they didn't make a great product. Does it actually sterilize your baby's pacifier? I'm not entirely sure that it really does.<br /><br />It's pretty simple to use. You do need 2 AAA batteries that are not included. You put your baby's pacifier in the compartment, close the lid and the UV light comes on. It turns off after about 3 minutes and it claims that the pacifier is clean. I'd stick with inserting this in your Avent steam or electric sterilizer or boiling it in a pan of water. I must also say that its kind of bulky so if you have a very small baby bag this might not be what you want to take with you. Instead get some of those baby pacifier wipes. I have a [[ASIN:B001DKHPD6 Ju Ju Be Be All Diaper Bag, Lotus Lullaby]] and it took up quite a bit of space.<br /><br />I'm also really getting very skeptical about those 5 star vine reviews. Did any of them really use the product for more than one day? I'd go with the AMAZON VERIFIED PURCHASED reviews. None of them gave it 5 and barely any 4. Goes to show you exactly what kind of product this really is.|neg
I bought this for my son who is 15 months old because he would wake up every night at 3am and want to eat. Not only did we want to break him of this habit and get him to learn to self sooth without a bottle in the middle of the night, we didn't want to do any damage to his teeth with milk. We tried water but he hated that too. He has never been a binky kid but I was willing to try anything and this has been awesome. He puts the pacifier in his mouth and then he holds the animal the way that he would normally hold a bottle. The animal is so soft and cuddly too. It has worked great for us and he really seems to like this. I highly reccommend.|pos
Omg! Why was it dirty??? I couldn't believe it looked so funky! And, it really didn't look anything like the picture. Very disappointing. It's not even worth trying to return it...I wish I could give NO stars!|neg
My son LOVES his Mango Monkey Wubbanub. The original we have had for 15 months. It is starting to get worn out. The pacifier ripped out when it got stuck in the couch a few months back which was totally my friend's fault, and had nothing to do with the integrity of the construction. I resewed it (no easy feat) and promptly ordered a back up. My son still prefers the original, but was excited to see the new one. It washes easily in the washing machine. The size is perfect and the different textures and colors are fun. When he was really little it was fun to watch him manipulate the monkey to get the pacifier back in his mouth. He was able to do that at about 4 months, so no more looking for dropped binkies in the middle of the night.|pos
What I love most is that this pacifier is completely rubber (no hard plastic part) so I know that if my baby accidentally rolls over it and it's under her cheek or something, it won't hurt her (and believe me, she has slept on it several times).  Even though this pacifier doesn't have a little ring you can hold on to, you can stick your finger inside it to hold onto it.  This is the one that hospitals use, plus they're easy to wash.  I just wish it came in more colors!|pos
The giraffe works very well for us,  our baby is a pacifier pusher outter and this giraffe wubbanub when put upsidedown seems to keep it in pretty well in fact better than our other one the mango monkey [[ASIN:B0031W38YO Wubbanub Plush Pacifier Toy, Mango Monkey]]  by being more balanced.|pos
My son loves this! It helped him hold the pacifier in which was great, and he loved holding on to the dog! And it was much easier to find when it dropped on the ground since it didn't roll under the couch. Love it!|pos
I know that this varies from baby to baby, but my 4 month old will not take this pacifier, and keeps spitting it out, even though she likes other pacifiers.|neg
My baby loves this pacifier and i'm pleased that she does it really comforts and soothes her so no fuss for her and no headache for mommy.|pos
wubannubs have to be the best pacifier by far. I think it's the least likely to mess up a toddlers teeth!!!!|pos
the pacifier box really worst money,it can fill 2 pacifier, the handle u can put on the stroller, car seat or on diaper bags. it make pacifier clean|pos
Great product. Just like the hospitals use. Bought pink/ purple for girl twin and green for boy twin so I can keep paci's separate!|pos
I was given this binky at the hospital, didn't read the packaging and therefore didn't know that this was only for babies 0-3 months. My 6 month old put the whole thing in his mouth and thank God I was right there because I was able to get it out before he suffocated! I threw it away immediately and want to warn other parents about the dangers of giving this to an older baby.|neg
Really nice little carrier keeps pacifier at hand (easily attaches to diaper bag strap) and clean.  Provides a way to keep from digging at the bottom of the diaper bag for pacifier.  I love that I had such an assortment of colors to choose from.  There's a color/pattern for everyone.|pos
Not only is it so flippin' cute (well, it is a giraffe!) but it is very useful. My 4 month old son loves to hold things when drifting of to sleep, and helps to keep the binky in his mouth! He is a preemie and his sucking ability isn't very strong. He holds on to it quite tightly! Only bad thing is you can't replace the binky if damaged.|pos
My sister in law says that this will definitely help when the baby is born if he takes it. She is so excite and so nervous for this is her first one.|pos
We love using these pacifiers! They are sturdy, easy to wash, and BPA free! One thing I really like about Phillips AVENT is that they come with convenient cover, which is EXCELLENT when you are putting the pacifier in your bag or pocket so it doesn't get dirty. And the biggest plus is that our little one really likes to use it and it makes him happy.|pos
I researched what was the best pacifier for the nursing baby.  This product came highly recommended, I agree.  This was the only pacifier my nursing baby would take.  My only complaint is that it collects dust and other stuff so you will need to wipe it periodically.  The tab sticking out did not seem to bother my sleeping baby.  She loves her pacifier.|pos
My Son hated these from the start.  I think its one of those things you are going to get different opinions from because not all babies like the same things.|neg
This little cow is so soft and floppy. Perfect for your newborn. My grandson has a few of the different designs but this one I ordered for a shower gift and was so pleased with it when it came. The underbelly part is a flowered soft cotton waffled material that you find in recieving blankets. Sweet.|pos
My baby girl refused all pacifiers until this one. I am so happy I bought this. She doesn't care too much for pacifiers anyhow but at least she takes this one every now and then. I highly recommend these to all parents. They seem much more durable than your standard pacifier too. Love these!|pos
These are the best kind of pacifiers if you plan to breastfeed.  Have used these before and my babies seemed to like them the best.|pos
These are more expensive but calming our little one makes it so worth it. These are the only ones she doesn't spit back out. I also like that it doesn't imprint on her face like the plastic ones did.|pos
I got this to late we switched him to a different paci waiting for this to come in mail but it's soo soft and adorable|pos
Wasn't sure I could get these anywhere, but was so happy to see them online, since the one that she got when she was born was almost MIA yesterday and that can be a problem with an infant.  So stocked up on these and love the different colors. only downside is that everything gets stuck to the material the paci is made of, so constantly washing off fuzzies/hair|pos
A must have for a fun baby shower! Can't say that the babies are into it, but I know my two year old nephew loves to walk around with this in his mouth and get some laughs!|pos
Great product, that does not hide the baby's face. I do not have anything more to say regarding this item.|pos
We purchased 2 separate wubbanubs and were dissatisfied with both of them.  They both began popping seams and stuffing coming out of them within the first 3 weeks.  Out child was 3 weeks old and obviously not harming them in any way... just poor poor quality! Then when contacting the company and dealing with them they sent another... which has ZERO stuffing in it... they asked to send us another but after 3 out of 4 wubbanubs being broken we had had enough!|neg
Like that this one could be used w/ the soothies brand pacifiers. Not using it too much yet, because don't want anything clipped on my infant, as it kinda gets in the way now, but will certainly use down the road and attaching in carseat/stroller.  Just wish I knew what design I was getting ahead of time.|pos
My beautiful baby girl eschews all other pacifier brands/models except for these ones.  These are well-designed with an indentation for you to hold it with your finger (and your baby can feel your finger) and to keep it in their mouth.  The lip of the pacifier is also useful for parents to hold the pacifier in their mouth and keep their two hands free.|pos
Received quickly. Loved it...a gift for the birth of my first grandbaby and ALL were pleased and amused with this item! A hoot!|pos
None available.|pos
I usually rate a product; however, but some Seller's really hike up a price on Amazon (edit: like this one had it for double). Shop around, Babies R Us, Target & other retail stores sell this exact product for $5.99. CVS even cheaper at times!<br /><br />EDIT: 6/30/12<br />Changing review to reflect actual product. Love the MAM glow in dark pacis. We have 4 for the crib at night. Best to charge them for a couple minutes near a light to shine brightest during the night. IT will dull through night! NOte -they sell for 5.99 typical retail (not to mention sales on buy 1 get 1/2 off at BRU)|pos
We got one of these pacifiers at the hospital when my baby was born. I bought others after we came home but he really liked these best. I recommend them for any baby.|pos
This is not only a pacifier but a wonderful first toy for an infant. My baby loves this toy and is ahead of the game with her hand coordination because of it. She is always playing with it and enjoys putting it in and out of her mouth, improving not only her coordination but her focus as well. She could successfully put this in her mouth from her chest at just over 2 months. No other binkie will do, she has no interest in them, we have 3 and she loves them all. Easy for mom to find in a jam too!|pos
I first bought these when I again had to replace the 12 pacifiers that had gone missing. My daughter had grown accustom to the feel of the hospital brand pacifiers since she spent a couple of months there after birth. I came across these and bought them because they were super cute but was unsure if my daughter would like them. Previously I had bought pacifiers that looked like the ones the hospital provided but were not. The plastic used to make them were shiny and for whatever reason my daughter had no interest in them. I later discovered that the Gum Drop pacifiers were identical to the ones provided by hospitals. They have a vast variety of styles and colors like [[ASIN:B000ZEXKJE GumDrop Pacifier Full-Term Natural Scent Orange 5 Pack]] and [[ASIN:B007VSM3CM Gum Drop Preemie Pacifier Vanilla Scent (Green)]] for preemies. These wubbanubs were in fact made of the same material and perfect for my little one. I only wished I had found them sooner since my other two children are grown. I could have saved myself from trips to the crib in the middle of the night to give baby back her pacifier. These pacifiers are perfect for little hands to find and grab in the middle of the night. My daughter just puts her own pacifier back in her mouth. I have yet to lose these unlike the gazillion other pacifiers I have purchased over the years. They make a great toy for baby as well. While the pacifier is in her mouth she tends to play with the plush and tag. It is a somewhat meditative motion that helps to sooth her and/or occupy her in her carseat/stroller/crib. So not only is it a pacifier and toy but it helps build motor skills. There are a number of different colors, animals and even textures like this one [[ASIN:B0031W38YO Wubbanub Plush Pacifier Toy, Mango Monkey]]. The tabby kitten is my favorite.  I have noticed that it is slightly smaller than the other ones I've purchased but my daughter loves it just the same.  The pacifier itself is sewn very well to the plush, however, I usually cut the pacifier out after its seen some wear. Just as a caution. Once you stitch the the hole back you have another little toy for baby to play with unlike the plain pacifiers that you have to dump. They make great gifts and additions to a shower basket. I have bought many for my friends. When you think of the must haves in baby gear, I personally would add this to my list.<br /><br />Update: To wash or sterilize, I place a small plastic sandwich bag around the plush to prevent it from getting wet. I can then wash the pacifier with warm water and anti-bacterial soap or clean with a baby safe sterilizer.  Then I just take a sterile wipe or even a baby wipe to gently rub the plush doll.  It has worked well for me and keeps baby's gear germ free.|pos
These pacifiers are all my daughter will use. We came home from the hospital with a green one. I love the pink and purple ones. I tried giving my daughter the ones for 3+ months, but she prefers the newborn ones, even though she is now 9 months. She can put them in herself, and she even like to chew on the back of them for teething.|pos
These are perfect for our diaper bag! And they dont bother the baby at all. Im sure you moms know how often a pacifier gets dropped, so it is kind of neccesaary while out and abouy.|pos
These are the same binkies that the hospital gives the newborns. Needless to say that my baby took well to them. She loves them!!|pos
I received two WubbaNub's at my baby shower. My son & I both loved them. So, as a gift for a friends baby shower, I ordered the caterpillar from Amazon. It's so cute for a baby girl! It arrived quicker than expected & was exactly what I wanted.|pos
Nice product, a good quality rubber. Too bad it didn't work for my kid, no matter how long I've tried to make him suck this pacifier. I need to try few more pacifiers...|pos
My daughter doesn't use a pacifier, but this is great for her to nibble on while she's having trouble falling asleep.  She loves it and it's easy for her to keep close.|pos
I absolutely love these pacifiers!  We got about 4 million pacifiers for baby showers (all different types).  My son was hospitalized at 5 days old, and I didn't have time to pack a pacifier for him.  The hospital gave us one of these and I really don't know what we would have done without it!<br /><br />My son is now almost 8 months and we have used these pacis the whole time.  They wash up great and are very resilient!  I love the bright, vivid colors.  For our next child, we won't even try other brands.|pos
We have a couple of these and our daughter loves them! We actually snipped the pacifier point off of one so she couldn't suck on it but could still hold the little animal for comfort. It has also improved her hand eye coordination because she has to hold on to the animal to get the pacifier in her mouth.|pos
Got this for my 2 year old daughter who loves binkis...  this is one of her favorites.  She has about twenty of them and she carries them around in a small tray.  She enjoys making people laugh with this particular binki.|pos
The pacifier arrived quickly and as described. It is really cute and very fitting for my first granddaughter due to be born very soon|pos
My little boy loves these. We have been using the duck since he was born. I got this one to keep one at my mom's house. He loves to hold them and it's easy for them to put back in their mouth.|pos
My grandson won't take a pacifier no matter how many different kinds we've tried.<br />But this product is great. Just as promised and lightning fast delivery. It's not their fault the kid won't take it, LOL!|pos
This is the cutest little pacifiers ever!!!  If you a fan of monkeys, this is a must have! My new little grandson is going to love it.|pos
My daughter is obsessed w/her Wubbanubs (yes, we have 6 of them).  This one is SO CUTE and totally girly.  It washes very nicely too.  A couple others we have are covered in lint after washing and this one isn't.  Worth the price!|pos
It is great.  Can't live without it.  You can only appreciate this if you have a child that loses his binky in the middle of the nite....easy to locate...happy, quiet child :)|pos
My grandson loves his dino pacifier.  He is 2 months old and is calmed by the pacifier and likes to hold the soft dinosaur.|pos
This is an amazing product!! Exactly what we expected!! So glad we decided to order it through Amazon as we were told through all local businesses that it wasn't available because it was on back order from the company!|pos
We bought these for our son once he was about 3 months old and switched him over from the [[ASIN:B0045I6IAO Philips 2 Pack AVENT Soothie Pacifier, Green, 0-3 Months]].  It took him a little while to get accustomed to them but accepted them pretty much right away, so we never had to test out any other pacifiers.  I highly recommend buying a couple of packs of these since they always seem to disappear!  Make sure to get a [[ASIN:B004323NHS Booginhead PaciGrip Pacifier Holder, Delicate Dot Green]] to attach to it!!|pos
I never used a pacifier for my daughters, but since I can't get in the back to comfort my son on car trips I decided to introduce a pacifier. He wasn't thrilled with the ones commonly sold in stores, so I did a little research and found that breast fed babies tend to accept this one, with the vanilla scent.<br /><br />It being clear, it's kind of fun to watch his little mouth sucking on this.|pos
My son has had some sort of break out or allergic reaction to regular pacifiers since he was around 3 months old.  I have tried EVERYTHING you could possibly think of to clear it up.  Medications, creams, pacifiers with more vents, all different brands, latex, silicone, and even tried breaking him of using a pacifier all together.  He would have red bumps on the area around his mouth that would sometimes form blisters, crack, and bleed.  At 6 months old I finally bought these pacifiers as my last resort and since using them we have not had any breakouts at all!!<br />It has been wonderful for my son and me.|pos
As soon as I put this in my daughters mouth she began to choke. I turned her over and had to pat her back and watch her choke. She was gasping for air as I was screaming and crying. Why would they make this product for infants!!! She coughed her medicine up with her foamy saliva. I was so terrified. She started to turn red and i just cradled her in my arms when she began breathing again. If I could give this product ZERO stars I WOULD!! Do not waste your money or put your child's life in danger!!|neg
This is the second wubba nub I bought for my daughter. I got her first one as a shower gift. She has the lamb, monkey & pink elephant. She is almost 6 months & this was the last one I got for her at 5 months. She LOVES it and never really took a pacifier until these. She loves to put the animal in her mouth too & she chews on it. Many people think they're a pain because you can't clean them but I throw them in the washing machine all the time with her laundry. I don't put it in the dryer...I just let it air dry.|pos
Fantastic!So much better than snapping it on to their clothing!They have the pacifier,as well as,a toy!!I would recommend this for any new mother or grandmother!|pos
my 3 month old baby girl simply just love them, ever since she got these she kept on playing with them in and out of her mouth constantly.|pos
This is the only pacifier my daughter will take. It has give in it unlike other pacifiers so it's more natural.|pos
I am very happy with my monkey wubbanub. It is small enough to be comfortable for an infant.  I think it is so cute, hopefully the baby enjoys it!|pos
My kiddo loves this! Great for when babies are small. The nipples are shaped perfect for babies mouths and the animal makes it easy to hold and recognize. I always buy these for baby gifts and all the mothers rave about it and ask where they can get more. I have 2 of the same so I can change them out to wash.|pos
Be careful when you order the Newborn Pacifiers by Soothie from Parents Favorite on Amazon Market.  I paid for and ordered the Soothie brand. Instead, they sent me the Avent Soothie pacifier.  I could have purchased these at Walmart and not paid for shipping!|neg
Someone gave us one of these as a gift and we thought it was funny until we started using it, now we can't live without it. Our favorite part about this pacifier is finding it in the bed at night. It is much easier to search for this than anything else. My daughter through the first one out of the car and we lost it. We only made it one night without it before we found this one online and ordered it. My only regret is not ordering 2 just in case.|pos
I bought this for my granddaughter and she loves it!  But the best part? It is so much fun!  People love to respond when they see it!  Very happy with this purchase!|pos
I had purchased one of these for each of my previous children so i thought i would buy one for my newest addition. Once again i was not disappointed. My son loves it and it goes everywhere with us. It has helped my son sleep in his crib over night, it gives him something to cuddle with. In short I love it!|pos
I ordered these because they are the pacifiers they give the babies in the hospital. They arrived on time and i am pleased with the product.|pos
Avent is a great brand and there products are always 5 stars.<br />These pair of pacifiers are really good material and excelent choice for newborn babies.|pos
My son was given a GumDrop Paci at our local children's hospital after undergoing surgery.  He took to it immediately and seemed very calmed by the vanilla scent.  After using it for a week in the hospital, he no longer cares for his other pacis.  The pacifier is very soft and fits to his face without leaving marks.  It is one piece construction and does not get filled with soap or water when washed.  My only wish is that the vanilla scent came in multiple colors.|pos
This pacifier is awesome because you can see the little mouths at work when you look into the hole. my daughter also loved to stick her finger in the hole and chew on the sides when she was teething. Probably the best teething toy she has! the wubbanubs (pacifier attached to a small stuffed animal) are also adorable and really work with the baby's gasping reflex! HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!|pos
This is by far the most genius pacifier I have ever seen.  We are EBFing and didn't allow a pacifier until a solid 2-3 weeks after nursing was well established.  No confusion.  Also, this pacifier doesn't go flying across the room when our daughter spits it out.  It just falls to right underneath her mouth.  As a newborn, 9 out of 10 times she was able to get it back in her mouth by herself.  Also, because there is a stuffed animal attached to it, we never lose this pacifier!  A great investment, as we've easily lost probably 6 other green little pacifiers because they aren't attached to something bigger.  Lastly, it's very cute watching our daughter hold her little wubby friend, now that she's getting older and gaining better use of her hands.|pos
I ordered this wubba for my youngest son and he loves it! He loves all his wubbanubs but this one is the cutest :)|pos
My son is a Natursutten pacifier junkie, and I just ordered the new butterfly style, and he loves them as much as the original!<br /><br />These also double as a fabulous teether. The texture and the density are perfect for soothing sore gums.|pos
I expected this to be more like a bottle nipple where the baby would suck the medicine out... instead it just lets the medicine drain freely into her mouth. It didn't work for us unfortunately.|neg
Our baby boy used this and it helped to keep the binky in place, he would hold the doggy like hugging it while the binky stayed in his mouth. We got lots of compliments as to how cute he looked with that binky. I wish he liked pacifiers past 4 months so I could buy more of these, the are super cute and durable...good quality!|pos
I should have held off on purchasing since the hospital will give me a pacifier but I see a whole lot of babies using this|pos
I tried a couple of other pacifiers (Nuk and playtex) and baby girl liked them just fine. I pulled the free Phillips pacifier from the hospital out because she was gumming my fingers after eating. She LOVED it and I immediately ordered two more. She alternates between sucking and gumming and I don't know which she enjoys more. Super easy to clean and doesn't get water trapped inside like some pacifiers. My ONLY complaint is that I don't know of an easy way to use a pacifier clip.|pos
So of course I can't NOT have my baby represent the NY Yankees, born and bred, perfect quality and very durable the vinyl colors don't seem to be wearing off. I LOVE IT|pos
Although my son, is NOT a lover of pacifiers, when he is overtired, worked up, and/or teething . . this is the only pacifier he will take. It is a blessing that there are other items out there, that can give me a break from nursing.|pos
As soon as I saw this I thought it was too funny and cute not to mention accuate. LOL It even came with a pacifier protector to keep it clean.|pos
I love this item. It was so easy & quick to use which is a must for any new parent. The built in fill line is very convenient. Everything can be done with one hand from filling water, to putting the cover on, dumping water afterwards, and taking the top off.<br /><br />I also like the paci hanger & it worked with my Soothie pacificiers that have no ring (just slip Soothie hole onto tree arm & it fits). I also like how the pacifiers do not sit in the water but instead hang up to sterilize, avoiding potential for water to seep into nipple & stay). Lastly, the fact that it sterilizes in 60 seconds and is very small & compact for storage is awesome!|pos
My 4 month old loves this thing. He will only sleep swaddled, and when I would lay him down his binki would fall out. I'd put it back in and hold it in place until he drifted back to sleep then he'd drop it again and wake. Now, I place his WubbaNub on his chest with the binki in his mouth and when he drops or spits out the binki, it's still right there in reach for him to latch on to it as he pleases.  Of course, when he squirms it sometimes fall off his chest, but with this product I can find the paci a lot faster at night. Get one!|pos
So this was a lifesaver for my newborn! He was breastfed for the first 3months n it really helped to not confuse him. But also he was an extremely fussy baby n still is.but we made the mistake of giving it to him for fussiness,sleeping everything. He became attached to it very quickly and wouldn't take any other pacifier when we were suppose to transition him off of it. But I thought no big deal what could it hurt. Well he is now 5months old and he did what they he could do. I had read of babies being able to stick the whole thing in their mouth n I too was a little skeptic about it but today he accomplished it! N thank goodness I was holding him when he did it because I had been putting him to bed with it and it could of been a lot worse. So yes some moms say that they have older babies taking it with no problems which might be the case BUT don't take the risk! Because when your baby starts teething like mine they want everything in their mouth and they get aggressive with it and believe it or not but they can fit it in their mouth! I hardly write reviews but I felt it was really important to let others know so no accidents happen! So a great pacifier for the beginning but make sure you transition into a new one!!!|pos
Love this so much I ordered another! I initially bought this in order to find the binki more quickly in the night.  Come to find out, my 4 month old can manipulate the binki a lot easier and is able to put it in on his own.  He occupies himself taking it out, loooking at it, and placing it back in his mouth over and over.  He is now 5 months old and chews on the animal's feet to soothe his inflamed gums!|pos
These are best ever, i'm not going to get into details why, it's all been covered 500 times here already, i just wanted to give my vote and say that i am also one of the extremely satisfied parents.|pos
I purchased this binkie as a joke for my hubby.. He constantly is looking for my daughters pacifiers and refers to them as her mute button, so when i saw this paci.. I HAD TO GET IT.. Right now it hangs on a ribbon on our rear view mirror..|pos
I use orthodontic pacifiers, so this holder is just the right size to hold 2 of them. It comes in fun colors and can be clipped onto a purse handle, diaper bag strap or stroller bar! Love it!!|pos
I ordered this binky for my daughter and when you wash it, the color of the binky fades and it becomes quite fuzzy.  I also ordered the monkey one and don't seem to have any problems with that one.  I would not order this particular one because of the poor quality of the product.|neg
Our son has had one of these since 6 months, and now at 12 months is more attached to it than ever.  we now own 3!  They're adorable and practical.|pos
My husband and I love this bink link!! It looks really cool and it's so unique. My son loves it as well and is constantly playing with the beads. The length is nice, it's not too short or too long, and the clip is very durable. We use this as my son's going out bink link and we have gotten tons of comments on it!!!|pos
My babe loves these pacifiers anyway... but one day my husband says, someone should invent glow in the dark pacifiers Presto! Amazon finds it!|pos
I bought this because it looked so cute online and when we received it, it looked even cuter in person! I love it so much and can't wait for our daughter to arrive in May so she can give it a try. The quality is impressive and much better than most other pacifiers I have seen. Plus you have to admit that it is so much cuter than anything you can buy at Walmart...which is ALL we have around here. I know no other mothers here will have this pacifier which keeps pacifiers from getting mixed up with other babies. I recommend it and other pacifiers made by Personalized Pacifiers! Also, If you go to their website, you can special order one with your babies name on it. :-)|pos
I have a few pairs of these and they work great.  I don't just use them for nighttime... I use them all day long.  The good thing is that avent pacifiers can be found anywhere... so just in case you lose it you can pick up another quickly.<br /><br />The only thing I didn't care for is that you have no control on what color is sent to you.  The description states clearly that colors are random packaged.  Luckily for me I received the blue set for my son.|pos
My 3 month old prefers to suck on her fist than a pacifier - probably because they fall out so easily and she doesn't have the motor skills to put them back in, yet. But with the Wubbanub she is able to maneuver it with her arm/fist so that if the paci part comes out she can push it back up towards her mouth. We got this yesterday and she took to it IMMEDIATELY! She seems to love grasping at it while she is sucking and she is sucking at it like a champ. Finally we're able to soothe her so easily. Plus it's darn cute, too!|pos
Very good product, this is the only soother my baby wants to use. The best baby soother in market. I've tried 10's of different baby soothers and finally found this one. Do not have to try any others, get this great baby soother and enjoy quiet in your house:)|pos
I was hesitant to give my newborn a pacifier at all, but around 4 weeks, she became insistant that she have something to suck on as she fell asleep. I was nursing her to sleep, but it came to point that after I'd try to slip away she'd immediately wake up rooting for something to suck.<br /><br />I bought several [[ASIN:B004IOHN8Q The First Years 2 Pack GumDrop Infant Pacifier, Pink/Purple]] (soothies), but she was never happy with them. When I tried to slip the pacifier in place of my breast after she was asleep, she'd immediately stir & fuss.<br /><br />I bought the Natursutten pacifier because I loved that it's all natural, BPA/PVC/Phthalates-free! I was skeptical that my little girl would take any brand, but this one has worked wonders. The pacifier is large enough that it rests against her nose just like my breast. I'm able to slip away after she's done nursing & slip in this pacifier without a problem.<br /><br />I should note that my little girl has had trouble figuring out how to suck a pacifier but this one she took to very quickly. We are both very happy!|pos
We had these for our little guy and loved them! We had a pack of green/blue and the colours were great and always seemed to match his outfit :) Also we loved the clear part, i really don't like some of the other soothers that make it look like the baby has a HUGE thing hanging out of his mouth. These are nice and discreet and lasted us 0-6mths. Then once he started crawling we lost them :( and since then have lost more than 15... will buy more for the next little guy!|pos
This is a really funny, yet still practical gift for parents. I bought it as a gift for my sister. Love it!|pos
The 0-3 month Soothies are the ONLY pacifier our little connoisseur will use.<br /><br />I love that they are a simple design, no chance for water or moisture to get caught inside the nipple in the dishwasher.  I regularly run these through with our dishes and they come out perfect.<br /><br />The only caveat is that they aren't compatible with most of the paci clips you can find commercially, I had to come online to find a paci grip with a rope attachment on it.<br /><br />I wish they made them in more colors!  Getting tired of the green ones everywhere in my house - would love orange maybe?  :)|pos
If you love your team as much as I love the cubs, then you will get this for your baby. So they can grow up loving the same team you do!|pos
This item came it was really cheezy and cheap. THe handle for the top might just break right off. Not worth $5.00 when I can pay $2 for a really good one. Also the Zebra design is very light grey.. you can hardly see it.|neg
SO HAPPY with this wabanub! The colors are GREAT and it's so soft. Baby hasn't come yet, but that didn't stop me from playing with it on my 38 week belly and describing it to the baby. My husband thought I was crazy, but I was seriously excited about how cute this turned out to be!|pos
I thought my daughter would love this and it would be great for night time. I don't think she has used it once, she want's nothing to do with it. It would be better if you could change the pacifier out on it.|neg
I love these it allows us to easily clean off pacifiers and teethers! Smells really good too! They are great because what is not always available.|pos
This product was well priced, shipped extremely fast and I would definitely recommend it to anyone. I can't wait to see it in action!|pos
We got the monkey & loved him so much we just had to add the zebra to the mix! Zaire the zebra is very soft, rocks a Mohawk, contrasting colors are very stimulating and she is the perfect size & shape for a young baby to grab :) My little girl is just 12 weeks old and the paci seems too hard in density for her to suck but she loves to chew on it!|pos
My son loves these.  One of my cannot live without baby items for sure.  They are round, like a real nipple, instead of flat, and you can put your finger inside the nipple, so they really feel like they are sucking on something.|pos
baby loves them and mom does to. they wash well in the dishwasher. they also stand up to the baby chowing on them|pos
I did get the product I ordered so I can only assume the people that didn't ordered from a different vender or got confused and ordered the wrong product. That being said, this thing IS sold as a novelty and for the reason I took that into consideration during my review. This thing is too cute, the nipple is too large for a new born but should be usable after about 6-9 months. There is no ring or ledge for removal from a baby's mouth or to attach a pacy clip to. This shouldn't be a big deal because this should probably only be used under CLOSE supervision due to the nipple size, weight and materials used. Let's face it, though it can be used by a child it doesn't look like usability was the main goal when making this. Laughter was. It's built well and will work. If your baby doesn't like the nipple on the pacy try pulling the face off of this pacy can gluing it onto another one.|pos
I recieved the item fast and as decribed,my daughter loves it,since she was born shes been all about monkeys and this was perfect for her.  Thanks so much for a great service and a perfect toy.|pos
Everyone who sees my 2 yr old daughter with this thinks it's cute and funny. My daughter even looks in the mirror and laughs. She loves it n so do i, perfect fit for her. The pacifier is not heavy at all.|pos
I love the way this little dragon looks, and it's always easy to find the baby's pacifier.  However, I do not feel that it helps our little guy keep the pacifier in his mouth at all.  He's only 2 months old and was a preemie, so he has difficulty holding onto a paci regardless.  The soothie and gumdrop pacifiers are the only ones recommended by lactation professionals for nursing babies, so I feel like if you have to use one of the soothies, why not have a cute one?  To wash the dragon, I've just used a damp cloth with some dish detergent and let him air dry.  It has worn just fine cleaning him with this method.  Just a reminder, the soothie is stitched to the dragon, so you cannot change out the pacifier, unless you feel comfortable sewing and are crafty.  I feel like for the money the dragon costs, I'd be too afraid to botch the job! Overall, I think it's an adorable novelty, but not incredibly useful.  We just appreciate it for being cute and the baby looks sweet with the little dragon laying on his chest, it looks like they're kissing.|pos
This pacifier isn't an orthodontic pacifier, but that is the biggest POSITIVE in my opinion. A newborn doesn't *need* an orthodontic pacifier, a newborn needs what is going to be the most comforting, and the Soothie is the most nipple-like pacifier there is.  If you are a breastfeeding mother, and you decide to use a pacifier, please be sure to use the Soothie. The Soothie will definitely help you avoid any nipple confusion that might occur from using an orthodontic or other odd shaped pacifier.  I love the Soothie, and my son used one until we gave up pacifiers all together. I plan to use a Soothie with my daughter (expected in a couple months), and I know I will not be disappointed.|pos
Mothers and babies love them there are many animals to choose from. Enough to match any baby's decor no matter what|pos
I bought this as a little treat for my daughter, who is due in June, I'm sure she will love it.  This item is just as cute in person as on the web.  At first I thought it was smaller than anticipated, but that has more to do with me skipping over the measurement description than any real issue.<br />My husband is excited too, who doesn't love dragons???|pos
Our Brian loves this pacifier! He holds on to it for dear life, and just loves the little monkey. This is one clever design, and it's the second one we've purchased in this series. I guarantee we'll be back for more, because the baby just loves it so much.|pos
Have 4 month old twins and wubbanub's are all our babies have ever had.  We currently have 8 different ones.  4 for our daughter and 4 for our son!!!!  I'm sure we will buy more.  These are great!!!!|pos
I purchased this as a Christmas gift and it made the entire day!  We all couldn't stop laughing when the baby put it in his mouth!  Definitely makes for great pictures on facebook and chuckles!!!|pos
We got our Soothie 2-pack today, while my son was napping.  I gave him one as he was getting ready to head down for his next nap.  It took a little work to get him to hang onto it, as he's been used to more traditionally shaped pacifiers (he's 11 weeks old), but he caught on fairly fast, and the next time he went to nurse I noticed that he was taking a deeper latch already!  I had some supply problems early on, so anything that encourages good latching and better milk transfer is okay by me.    I've noticed some reviews criticizing this pacifier for being a potential choking hazard.  Let me say that there is a degree of personal responsibility here.  These are not the hard plastic pacifiers most people are used to... they are medical grade silicone, made for newborns.  The whole thing is softer, more flexible, and yes, that means that you have to watch your baby to make sure he can't fit the whole thing into his mouth, because babies try that.  On the wrapper it says not to leave your baby alone with a pacifier (any pacifier), and I imagine that it's for precisely this reason.  If your child can fit the whole Soothie into his/her mouth, it's too small and you need to buy a binky that is appropriately sized for your child.    As for the suckerfish look... I think it's hilariously cute.    Update 2/19/12 - Still loving the Soothie, still refusing any and all other binkies.  Longer review on my blog:    [...]|pos
The giraffe it's attache to the pacifier, so every single time that you want it to wash and sterilize the pacifier (which must be A LOT if you are a clean person) you're a gonna have a wet giraffe, even when you clean the pacifier carefully... Super Unpractical|neg
My little girl loves this toy, and she doesn't even really go for pacifiers usually.  I love how dino is easily grasped and she hasn't lost him yet (she's 7 months old now)!  She likes to chew/suck on the pacifier itself, the sides of the pacifier, and dino's nose, hands and feet.  As for cleaning, the tag says not to machine wash or submerse, but I usually just use a little soap and suds him up by hand, let him dry overnight.  Dino seems no worse for the wear.|pos
This pacifier simulates like advertised and everything. And its the closest looking nipple to me, as i strictly breastfeed. Ive tried several pacifiers for her but she just wont have it. But to a breastfed baby who likes pacifiers but is picky, this would be great i think.|pos
This produst met my expectations. It was used for a gift for my friends babyshower and she loved it. The sparkles are so cute :) I would recommend this. And will be buying this again for another babyshower.|pos
My daughter loves her 'Monk Monk'!! He goes everywhere with us! It really helps that she can hold onto it and play with the stuffed animal while she's 'pacify-ing.' It is also more convenient for me to find 'Monk Monk' in her diaper bag, all the other pacifiers fall to the bottom and I constantly have to dig to find them.  You should definitely get one!|pos
These pacifiers are great, especially for little babies.  Our son didn't quite have the ability to keep a pacifier in his mouth for any real length of time until he was several months old.  If you put this pacifier in his mouth with the animal on his stomach, the pacifier won't fall out if baby loses suction for a second.  It keeps me from putting the pacifier back in his mouth every few seconds and has taught him how to keep the pacifier in his mouth.  We tried pacifiers without a stuffed animal attached, but they fell out of his mouth almost immediately when he was just a few months old.  We also tried Pacimals when he was small, but the angle is all wrong for a newborn.|pos
This is the best pacifier on the market.  This is the type that they gave us in the hospital and my daughter won't use anything else.  We had other one's around but she always grabs this one.  It's nice also that it comes in other colors other than green.  We really love them.|pos
Vendedor cumpli con la entrega y expectativas del producto!! Vienen en paquete de dos, son los mjores pacificadores del mercado!!!|pos
My baby loves the wubs! He has 5 and now we're waiting for the sixth to get here today. We have only lost one that he dropped at a large department store. These are awesome because the babies can find them in their crib at night, they don't slip through the slots and they are soooo cute!|pos
My baby loves the wubs! He has 5 and now we're waiting for the sixth to get here today. We have only lost one that he dropped at a large department store. These are awesome because the babies can find them in their crib at night, they don't slip through the slots and they are soooo cute! This one is so soft!|pos
I ordered some pacifiers from Personalized Pacifiers online and they are the only ones my daughter will take now. We needed a few extras to have in the diaper bag, car and bed so we ordered this one and a couple others. I LOVE this paci, we get so many compliments on it that I'm going to order another one as a back up. We've even sterilized it and the Zebra print didn't fade or wash off at all!|pos
Great product for keeping a paci in an infant's mouth!  I wish I had known about it sooner.  Monkey is cute, too.  I can see my son learning to love it.|pos
We were running low on pacifiers, so decided to try out a new style.  Our daughter is 4 months old, and she is hooked on these.  Unlike the other ones we've used (soothies), she never spits this one out, even when we pick her up or carry her.  It also seems that the design gives her more freedom to breathe than other pacifiers.  Whatever it is, she loves these!|pos
this pacifier lasts for very long, has great sweet designs that varies a lot, and has the air circulation holes in middle which we appreciate..  My son literaly throws any different pacifier I try to give im at me..<:|pos
Why didn't I think of this? My daughter loves her giraffe. We have the duck and the puppy dog and decided to get her the giraffe since it was so cute. The duck and giraffe are nice and thin and light, making it easier for her to hold and not fall out of her mouth because of the weight. The puppy is really bulky and heavy and we had a hard time keeping up with it. She loves to play with the ears of the giraffe as well. It's great becuase the pacifers alone are rubber and bounce when they hit the ground. Attached to the stuffed animal, we haven't had to get down on our hands and knees looking for it. It's great!|pos
It works great our daughter uses it all the time. It was recommended by a friend of ours so we tried it and its a good thing we did its pretty cool.|pos
Love these pacifiers, after my friends seen them they all wanted them too. I like that they dont go the whole way up to the babies nose like the ones from the hospital, and thier much softer. As for the vanilla scent it wears off quickly.|pos
i love these! im so glad i got the blue ones too. it said color may vary and i was worried i would end up with a girl color. i have other pacifiers i received as gifts but so far i think these are the best. its so cool they glow in the dark.|pos
I love this pacifier compared to the other version which I love to. I love this one because when my daughter sleeps with it in her mouth when she's on her stomach it is flat but when I want to attach it to a cord so it doesn't end up everywhere when we are out it also has that capability! I Couldn't say anything more that would make this item more perfect! Great job NUK!!|pos
The sound it makes resemble more a truck passing by than in uterus sound BUT the battery lasts for ever and my little man seems to enjoy it anyway!|pos
These are the PERFECT baby shower add on gift.  My son is by no means fussy but this little buddy is his favorite car seat companion for the traffic ridden commute to daycare.  The nook is attached to the little animal making it easy for the lil ones to grab hold in the early days when the fine, hand to nook skills are a little lacking.  And if that wasn't enough reason, they are washing machine safe.  Highly recommend!|pos
these are awesome!  i used the blue & green ones with my son & just ordered the pink & purple set for my daughter that is due in a few months :)|pos
These are the PERFECT baby shower add on gift. My son is by no means fussy but this little buddy is his favorite car seat companion for the traffic ridden commute to daycare. The nook is attached to the little animal making it easy for the lil ones to grab hold in the early days when the fine, hand to nook skills are a little lacking. And if that wasn't enough reason, they are washing machine safe. Highly recommend!|pos
I was hesitant to buy this at first because we only use the Gumdrop Pacifiers and I didn't see how I could attach those to the bear. It took some effort but I WAS able to do it (see the pictures I uploaded in the product images).<br /><br />The directions I got with the bear state that it can be tossed in the washing machine - pacifier and all - but I have not done that. It's a personal preference, just not sure how safe it is to get laundry detergent on a pacifier, even if it's rinsed. So I wash the pacifier by hand with hot water and replace it when necessary.<br /><br />When I first bought this my baby (then 8 months) did not like this bear because it was a bit heavy and it kept pulling the pacifier out of her mouth. Within a few days, though, she really got used to it. Before buying this, I was going nuts in the dark trying to locate the pacifier in her crib, and the fact that she has designs on her crib sheets didn't help matters because it was easier to lose among them! I purchased this bear to solve my problem, and it solved my baby's problem, too - when she starts crying at night she locates the bear (easy enough to do, even half asleep), puts the pacifier in her mouth and falls back asleep in no time. This bear is a lifesaver!<br /><br />EDIT: Dec/2013 - I recently had to replace this for my almost 2-year-old as she broke the loop. The original one I bought came in a drawstring bag with the green pacifier pictured as well as a clear plastic flat pacifier that looked like a teether. Now I spent more money (originally bought for around $11, this time bought for $15) and the pacifier pictured and the teether pacifier no longer comes with it. They really cheaped out and raised the price. I'm disappointed. Still a great product but not as pictured! I'd give this 4-stars now.|pos
i loved it my niece looked so cute=) im gonna end up buying more as soon as i start having my own kids they look funny and its a unique pacifier..|pos
I bought this thing because of all of the reviews here AND because we were struggling with our son's pacifiers. He would drop every single one and the one he liked he kept in for only a few minutes.  Bottom line, we realized HE DIDN'T WANT IT. That's why he'd drop it.  We took it away at six weeks and that was the best thing we ever did. We all slept, he was happy, helped with the breast feeding and made our lives much easier.  This pacifier kept falling all over the place, he'd cry some more.  Then I'd try to give it when he was on his side and still fell off. No matter where my son was this wubbanub didn't stay. Furthermore, it was too small and he had a hard time sucking/keeping it in. AUGH how frustrating.  Someone said;OH noooo he needs to have his sucking needs met. Well, he found his hands and consequently his thumb. Not sure if that is great either but I think it is the natural way. Yes, it maybe challenging to weaning of off the thumb, but we thought the paci would be hard and it wasn't it. Who knows! Bottom line DO NOT WASTE your money on this pacifier it doesn't comes close to what they advertise.|neg
I bought this pacifier for my nephew in Brazil. My brother in law is a joker and I thought this pacifier would bring lots of fun. It's a great quality material and come with instructions to sanitize before using it, which I think is very important.|pos
It all started at the hospital where they gave us a soothie pacifier. Yes, I know the American Academy of Pediatrics does not recommend introducing a pacifier until much later, but I requested it. Anyhow, I only had a vague idea about the different shapes pacifiers came in. My first reaction when I saw the soothie was what a weird shape this pacifier has! Especially the part where you're supposed to hold it. Of course the looks didn't matter much to our baby. She liked it. We tried the NUK orthodontic pacifier and very soon it was quite obvious that our daughter would only take the soothie pacifier so I bought some more soothies and our little girl likes them very much. We've used them now for two months and have not run into any issues.|pos
OK, I have waited quite some time to write this review BUT these are the only binky's my little girl will take.   It was really bad when I was traveling because I had lots of extras (which I ended up losing). So, I stopped on emergency to a local store and picked up The First Years comparable binkys.... No, no, no. She would not take them. I've even tried several other times since and refuses them. (They look a little and feel different.) Anyhow, thank goodness I was traveling to my friend's house who is a nurse in Labor and Delivery and brought me some to take with me until I could order these! :)   If your baby takes these home from hospital and prefers them... and is picky (haha) these are the exact ones!|pos
Tried this one out first before buying multiples for our son.  He loves it. So we bought the giraffe and the puppy too!|pos
I first bought my son the brown dog Wubbanub, which he really liked, so I bought him this Dino and the lion. Not only is this Dino wicked cute, my 6 month old has shown a preference to this one over the other two. Yeah I wish there was a way to change out the pacifier part (because it's sewn in just like every other Wubbanub out there) but its very easy to clean, I just toss it in with the clothes every time I do a load of my sons laundry. This was worth every penny I spent on it!|pos
My third daughter would NOT take a regular pacifier! I tried them all. Then my friend told me about the Vanilla Scented Gubdrop Pacifiers and I tried them out. My baby loves them. They are sort of hard to find. You can get them on Amazon or straight from the manufacturer in bulk. I just got mine from Amazon (its easier). The review that said they are pricey is crazy. I think these ones are less expensive that the traditional pacifier you can get at Target, and those ones dont smell like vanilla. The only down side is that they do smell like vanilla and your dog may want to eat it. Mine doesn't but he was interested at first. Its just a thought. Great Pacifier!|pos
My baby loves his paci and the animal attached makes it so easy for him to find it!  We will definitely buy another one for our next child(ren).|pos
I haven't seen these in person yet, but my son and daughter-in-law both like them. She even confirmed that the actual pacifer is the same kind given to their twins in the hospital. They appear to make the pacifer both easier to stay put and easier to find.|pos
Got this for my new baby grandson Keaton. He will be born on 1-16-12 and I gave it to his parents for Christmas. They were so excited and I know he will love his little monkey paci.|pos
These have been a must have in my house since my daughter was born. I love them bc they can be used in so many ways...I use for pacifiers, bottles, toys, basically anything that drops or needs a quick clean. Also, no need to get the travel pack bc you can put them in a sealed baggy or I use a really small plastic container that snaps and seals shut. They don't dry out either! My daughter stopped using a pacifier at about 3 1/2 months (she's 5 months now) but I still use them all the time for the above mentioned. Must have!!!! It's also a great shower gift bc that's how I got hooked!|pos
I love these. My son I'm sure will too. They seem to be made very durable for babies. I can't wait for my son to be here in a couple weeks to try them out.|pos
These are the easies to clean and best shaped pacifiers out there.  Both of my girls only took these pacifiers and I trusted them and the product.  You can't go wrong with these!|pos
My son would't take any pacifier before giving him this one. An added plus, u can insert ur finger to harden it if he needs extra soothing for teething. Very hygenic too as water won't come in to his mouth from any hidden place after sterilizing. I love it|pos
it has been opened before i got it,and i am very disspointed by this thing.so i hope it won't happen again.|neg
This is the best pacifier that I have ever seen!! I used to nanny and wish that I had seen this then. After having my own child and getting this as a shower gift, I will use them for every child. When my son was first born, the frog helped the pacifier stay in his mouth. As he has grown, it has been great to help him find the pacifier easily when it comes out of his mouth and he loves holding it in his hands. I see him grab at the feet of the frog when he is really tired and it is soothing for him.  I have a small blankie that it attached to it (we call it wonder frog) and it has been great for him to self soothe and hold on to.  I highly recommend this product, especially for babies that are very aware of and use their hands.|pos
I don't really know what it is but my little one will only take these pacifiers. I tried pretty much every brand of pacis out there and the only ones she'll take are the ones shaped like the soothies. I love the fact that they are soft so if she rolls over them they won't hurt her.  At first I was worried cuz I thought the round shape covering her nose would be a problem, but now I see it doesn't block her nose at all and she seems very comfortable sucking on them.  I think these are just great.|pos
This is the same brand used by the hospital where our children were born.  Perfect.  This is exactly what we wanted in lovely feminine colors|pos
Just what I was looking for good quality and priced right. Shipped very fast too. Great to put in with other sports stuff|pos
In true breastfeeding fashion, we waited until our son was four weeks old before offering any pacifiers to make sure we had good attachment and technique down (don't really believe in nipple confusion, but it helps everyone involved not to be stuffing a newborn's mouth with a pacifier from day one).  One we passed that magic milestone of four weeks, we opened our new Wubbanub and a fast appreciation was had--babies love to suckle!  It calms them and allows them to gather themselves in the middle of a meltdown.  It is great to carry them through to the next feeding when they get older if you are trying to sleep train.  My son falls asleep within minutes when I put him down in his crib, awake with the Wubbanub--he always spits it out after he is asleep, but no need to restuff his mouth.  The little monkey legs and arms lay on the chest and help the pacifier stay put.  He also loves to grab it with his hands and arms in a big hug.  Our other pacifiers have laid useless in the diaper bag ever since we started using this one--would not have bought any other if I had know the power of the Wubba!|pos
I know it says colors and designs may vary, but I assumed since solid colors are pictured I was going to get solid pacifiers...|neg
Baby loves the pacifier and does not reject it at all. Seems to fit beautiful face perfectly great company and good choice in pacifiers|pos
We love it! Makes paci easy to find. My 1 month old wraps his arm around it while he sucks. Helps keep it in his mouth.|pos
My son-in-law is a Yankee fan otherwise I would have purchased Orioles.  Of course after 14 years of losing mabey Yankees was a better choice.|pos
We love how simple the Avent soothie pacifier is, perfect for newborns and infants. These are BPA free and are the #1 hospital recommended. Typically the hospital has them there in the green color and since we are having a girl this time, I am bringing the pink/purple one from home :)|pos
Excellent quality and safe organic rubber material and most babies love them that actually take a pacifier. Our child won't take any pacifier however. If our child would use pacifiers these would be our first option.|pos
These little pacifiers are great! They are made of the same material (I believe it's the same brand too) as the Soothies the hospital gives out but they don't cover the whole face. The design makes it look like my baby is smiling and it's adorable. These let my baby breathe and enjoy her paci.|pos
So we've tried almost all of the popular brands. She loves the MAM design! Almost seems effortless for her to suckle. The shape of the nipple seems to make the most sense.  As the baby learns to start rolling over and crawling, the pacifier design became so much more important to us. This on actually displaces the impact when she face plants while learning to crawl...You'll see. Great to have the removal strap option that clamps the pacifier to her clothes. These are overall, easy to clean and we found that at least in our baby's case, we know when to replace them...When the graphic starts to wear off, its time.|pos
Cute idea, but I didn't realize when I bought this that the pacifier is actually sewn to the stuffed animal.  I purchased it thinking I could attach my own pacifiers  to this stuffed animal, but instead it came with its own pacifier actually sewn to it.  (Thankfully it came with the same pacifier I use - [[ASIN:B0045I6IAO Philips 2 Pack AVENT Soothie Pacifier, Green, 0-3 Months]]) However, I like to boil pacifiers before initial use (can't do that here) and was hoping to be able to use the stuffed animal for different Nuk pacifiers as they wear down, etc.  Had I know that it wasn't a pacifier holder, but rather an all-in-one deal, I wouldn't have purchased this product. Bummer!|neg
I thought they were just adorable when I started buying Wubbanubs as gifts for friends. Now that I am a mom myself I can see how GENIUS these are!!!! Since binky's alwaysssss fall out, these animals sit on their chest and prop up the pacifier! So if he yawns it won't fall out. It is also easy to find and he likes to hold on to it and seems to cuddle with it. They are just darling and we LOVE THEM. We just buy more as they get worn out from our wear and tear. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED and definitely worth every penny!!!!!!!!!|pos
These are great pacifiers. My baby prefers the shape of the Nuk pacifiers over other brands:  the exterior is curved down below the nose and the orthodontic shape of the silicone pacifier.  Plus, the sports theme is very cute.  I did buy these at a local retail store so I could choose a package that include a baseball + football pacifer.|pos
Adorable.  Arrived promptly.  The parents were very satisfied with them.  The baby girl took to them right away.  She cries if she drops it.  I have to laugh out loud.  Parents are avid Cowboy fans.|pos
Works great for breastfeeding mothers.  Has a nice cutout for the nose for small babies, great for premies to use.  They're soft, not hard plastic, and helps our baby sleep through the night.  Highly highly recommend!!  Only downside is that it's hard to find these outside of Amazon, though they are starting to sell a variation of it under the First Years brand.|pos
Was a little big when my grandbabies were newborns but they quickly grew into them|pos
This is the most adorable little creature!  My baby is actually a Nuk fan, but she will take the Soothie from time to time, especially when her sweet lamb is attached!  It has been a great way to help her keep the pacifier in her mouth, and she loves to hold the lamb while it's on her chest.  I'm just so disappointed that the lamb is currently unavailable.  I've searched several times for it for recently born babies, but no luck.  We haven't had any issues with the pacifier falling off, or the lamb getting dirty. I think it would hold up to a good washing, though.|pos
I love that the nose is cutout for infants!!  Soooo smart!!! We always thought the ones from the hospital looked like they were blocking an infants nose!|pos
These are cute and good quality, but quite heavy. They work for my 9 month old and may be too heavy for a younger baby.|pos
we bought a few of these for our newborn and liked it so much that we bought this one for a friend's new baby|pos
Like other reviewer, my son is not really into using a pacifier. Instead he uses this mostly as a teether, occasionally sucking.  He flips it around using the loop and the edges to teeth. I feel better knowing what it is made of and not finding out later on that it has a plastic product that only later was seen to cause problems. So far it has lasted through two teeth with no wear and tear.|pos
We received a pacifier at the hospital that our son loved and didn't seem to cause nipple confusion. These seem to the same brand and we bought quite a few of them. Our son at 6 months still loves them and now likes to chew on the sides. They are a good size and the baby can handle and hold them well. One thing to note when they fall they are like super balls and settle in the toughest area to reach. It becomes a bit of a game Where did the Pacifier Go?  The packaging says 0 to 6 months and we are now looking for a replacement. I am not sure we really need one though.|pos
Cute - yes, but I really bought this for me, it helps me keep track of the binky (pacifier).  The colors are bright and our 3 month old is able to grab it and pull the bink to his mouth  all on his own.  I like that it is super lightweight and there are no beads for a possible choking  hazard if a seam opened up.  The wubbanub won't get lost in a seat crevice or hit the floor  and roll under a sofa and it is easily seen even at night.  We spot clean the dragon as needed  and wash the soothie on a regular basis and have had no issues with pilling or fading.  No   regrets on this purchase.  $16.95 and free shipping.|pos
These are the only pacifiers either of my sons would use, they are great!I would buy them again & again|pos
I found one in a local store - they are very difficult to find, and my son hasn't lost a binkie since! I clip it to his shoulder, and he's able to find it easily. No issues with him rolling over on it, since its always out of the way. Cute, and perfect for keeping binkie close at hand.|pos
this is a healthy way to keep baby happy, stress free  and have some freedom to get tasks done with a happy baby!  A great tool for any parents lucky enough to have a baby  who love them!|pos
this is a great product. it comes with a cover which is very convenient because you can close the it and it doesn't get dirty. it's also good quality, my newborn loved it. make sure this is the first pacifier you give your baby because they tend to like the first one they got and don't always adapt to new pacifiers later.|pos
Must have for little ones... Great quality and love the Pattern. Easy to find in a bag or purse.  We have several diff patterns.|pos
This natural rubber pacifier is the only one our baby took-- from day one, our little one LOVED this paci.<br /><br />Its healthy, natural rubber which means less worries given how much direct exposure babies have to pacifiers. No nasty chemicals, no scary ingredients.<br /><br />The only negative is the cost-- they are super expensive and they tend to bounce when dropped, which makes them a little hard to find.|pos
It's a nice little rubber soother... easy to clean. don't have to worry about petroleum chemicals, which is nice. not sure what else to say. My only complaint is that the age recommendation is difficult to find on the packaging, if not impossible to find. I believe I ordered one that was for 3-9 months, but when i received it, I couldn't find this information on the packaging, and felt that the pacifier was on the larger side.|pos
These are the only pacifiers we trust with our baby. While the cost is questionable...the ingredients to make the pacifiers are top notch and are devoid of dangerous chemicals (such as BPA). They last on average about 2 months for us.|pos
My son has never been a diehard binky addict like my older daughter was, but I wanted to try something a little more stylish than the tried & true Soothies we've always used. These were on a special promo & I thought why not. I'm very pleased with them so far (about a week of use). My 4 month loves to grab & he can hold on to the handle  & actually put it back in his mouth (whether intentional or not!). True, the glow in the dark feature doesn't hold for hours & hours, but that's kinda common sense. Truth be told, anything that would retain a bright glow for that long wouldn't be something I'd want to give to my infant anyway!  My son seems to like these quite well for those times when he's in need of a comfort suck & doesn't need a bottle. I like the shape of the nipple & how it's proportionate for his size/age. I'd recommend these.   *Amazon sent me the yellow which is very cute.|pos
This pacifier is so cute and could make anyone laugh.  I bought it as a shower present for my niece, and there's nothing like getting pictures emailed to you with a sweet baby using this bink.  It's a great little gag gift to include in a present for a new mom, especially if you tease the new mom about Twilight.|pos
I have used MAM pacifiers with all three of my babies.  I really like that they fit perfectly around their tiny faces, and that they vent, so baby's skin doesn't get irritated.  The only thing I wish was different was the color options when purchasing.  I chose blue, but got green ones.  Not a big deal though.  Also, these pacifiers do not come with any case to store and keep clean, as some other brands do.|pos
First try I bought her pacifiers, I bought these at the grocery store and ever since she will spit out or throw any other pacifiers, but these. More than half the time she'll go right to sleep when I give her her pacifier or she'll calm down. I don't give a crap about color because its not like my daughter cares right now anyways, as long as these do their job and help my daughter stay calm or go to sleep is ALL I care about.|pos
I can't see how this gets anything other than a 5-star review.  The product is proportionally well created, with just enough lip to make any baby with a normal sized head/face look hilarious.  The teeth are overly large which makes the caricature that much cuter.<br /><br />This product is perfection from beginning to end.|pos
This binky is adorable! I paired it with the Disguise - L'Vampire Halloween Costume (12-18 months). My son used it a few times afterwards (mostly playing). It's heavier than a normal paci, so I would recommend it for older babies and toddlers.|pos
I ordered the cutsie caterpillar and got a monkey instead, and when I tried to return it, the site said they were out of stock... Be cautions when ordering|neg
We are on our 3 rd one.  My son loves it.  He sleeps with it every night & for naps.  The 1st one he pulled the paci off the dog.  The second we lost.  We are on our 3rd one.  Buy more than one.|pos
This pacifier is one of the top 3 things that got us through those first few weeks/months of a new baby. We have quite a pacifier baby, but the pacifier kept falling. Even when standing up from a sitting position with the baby, a pacifier frequently drops to the ground. With the stuffed animal attached, it give it enough weight that that no longer happens (or happens less frequently). As baby started using his hands more, he could then hold on to the pacifier a little easier. It also rested very well on his chest in the carseat and is larger to grab and put back in baby's mouth when reaching backwards into the back seat. The price may make this appear to be a more extravagant item, but would make an outstanding shower gift. Plus, the little giraffe is adorable!|pos
I bought this pacifier cast is a good size and fits 2 Soothies in it!  The hook is perfect to hook onto the outside of your diaper bag.  The case has holes in it to prevent moisture from building up inside if the pacifiers were wet.  The case is BPA free which is another plus.  Looks like it comes in orange and blue, but you can't choose your own color when you order it, you get what they give you.  I received the orange and it's perfect since it stands out on my dark diaper bag.|pos
I can't wait to start using these. Though to be honest they smell super weird. I hope I get used to it... it's really overpowering though Every now and then I think I smell them and they're not even in the room anymore... lol oh well as long as the baby looks cute sucking on them I think I can get over it.|pos
The pacifier shipped right on time and matched my sons costume wonderfully. I was very pleased with this purchase and would definitely recommend this item .|pos
Our baby likes to suck on this with someone's finger inside. And now that he's teething, he prefers it to other teething tools. A note of caution: we were dog sitting a 1-yr old dog who sought them out to eat them. Our own dogs aren't interested, but the pup sure was. We had to buy more!|pos
my son loves nuk pacifiers. wish finding nipples was as easy as finding a pacifier. i need nuk wideneck 6+ mos medium nipples!!!|pos
my son was breastfed and is very fussy about his nipples on pacifiers and bottles. he loves these!after trying just about every brand i found these! i buy them whenever i see them in a store! they sanitize well too! water never gets inside the nipple. they seem to have a natural fit inside the mouth of a youngster. they come in so many great colors and designs too! he has one to match just about anything he wears! lol|pos
Used this passy for both kids...and both loved them!  I love the fact that they have space for nose...Always hated that the soothie passy given to me at the hospital covered the nose.  Only issue I had with this passy was with my first son...the inside piece broke after being steped on and punctured the outside of passy...allowing water to get inside and mildew!  After I ordered this...I found out that they are now being sold at Walmart...with my first baby...I was only able to find them on-line.  Friend got me the first one!|pos
I never knew these existed until I came across a baby message board & everyone was recommending them. My baby couldn't keep a regular pacifier in his mouth, they kept falling out. This was the BEST solution. Soft for them to hold onto & the perfect weight to rest on their chest while they're sleeping. Love that they're washable (no dryer, air dry). His has been bathed several times.|pos
This is great for bedtime because ithe elephant can be made to sit so it stays in my daughters mouth better. It's very cute too!|pos
THESE ARE THE ABESOLUTE WORST!!! MY SON ALMOST CHOKED ON THESE PACIFIERS, IT WAS DOWN HIS THROAT, THANK GOD WE WERE SITTING THERE. THEY ARE TWO SMALL AND BEND!!!<br /><br />DO NOT USE THEM!!!|neg
My daughter never liked pacifiers, but this one has found a new life as her favorite thing to chew on since she was 5 months old (now 7 months). The handle makes it perfect for her to hold and manipulate.   Parents should be aware that although rare, some children have latex allergies.|pos
I bought this for my mom for her birthday. I just received it and I love it. It's very clean and the cutest little sheep. I will update this when my mom opens it and tell what she thinks as well.|pos
great price for two bags, one is very small, used to hold two or three pacis, i use mine to hold eye drops, chapstick, tissues, wet naps, and glucose tabs. the large one isn't something i'd use to hold a whole days worth of dirty diapers but when i'm out of town for then evening it can hold 4 maybe 5 if i roll them up (prefolds and insert together) well. and it keeps the smell in very well too! wish it did zipper instead of tie though.<br /><br />edit after a year of use I still use this product, I lost the smaller bag a while ago, but still use the large one, it did tear at the seam where the ties are, and i have yet to fix it, but use it none the less! keeps the stink in very well!|pos
This is a great pacifier for a newborn. This was the pacifier that they were using in the neonatal intensive care unit at the hospital and our baby loves it.|pos
My 10 week old is not one for pacifiers which is killing me. She also isn't a thumb sucker. So there are times where she is just completely inconsolable unless we give her a little peppermint water in a bottle, she takes a sip and its over. I found these at my local Kroger last night, and they were completely different from all the other pacifiers I had tried.   I brought them home, popped one in her mouth, she didn't spit it out and was in dreamland in under 3 minutes. The gummi ones didn't work, the orthodontic ones did not work, pretty much everything. I have gone thru over 20 pacifiers trying to find ones she likes. And we have found them. Thank you Playtex. You saved my sanity.|pos
seems good, looks cute, waiting for the baby to arrive to try it out.  Love the skull on it.  Its Gerber Goth|pos
these are the best pacifiers out there--and worth the $$$--they don't fall apart, easy for my baby to find and pick up--can be doubled as a toy---great for car rides--and they look adorable to boot!|pos
This is the style they give babies at the hospital. It fits small babies. The other ones almost cover their faces. Most of us are worried that they will get hooked on the pacifier. When they are just born, they will either go for the pacfier, or their thumb. I prefer the pacifier which I can remove once I want it.|pos
Unlike most pacifiers on the market, that are listed as 0-3 months...these are actually made for newborns. They are better than any of the other pacis that are more expensive.The nipple on these are smaller and easier for them to attach to. The pacifier is hollow in the middle so they can actually suck the pacifier and keep it in their mouth without you holding it the whole time. The work great in steamer or the dishwasher to sanitize. This is truly a MUST purchase, regardless of you like pacifiers or not...a great back up plan!|pos
I didnt even want to give this a one star!  this medicine pacifier DOES NOT WORK!  the hole is to big, medicine just comes pouring out, and the pacifer part is hard plastic!  My child choked on the medicine.  DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!!!!!!!|neg
good product that was described accurately.  this was a present to my husband the bears fan of the house.  fun to see in baby girl's mouth!!|pos
Babies love this bear.. they make great baby shower gifts..a very nice first teddy bear will last for years to come|pos
I cannot stand the soothie pacifier because they hide my daughters gorgeous face. I have tried so many others and this is the only one that my daughter will take besides the gumdrop and soothie. I think it is because the nipple is soft like the soothie. Cute colors and great price. So happyl I tried these pacifiers|pos
I love this thing! It keeps my son's paci clean while it is sitting in my diaper bag :) I would recommend this to any mommy who has a paci baby!|pos
My first baby was a NICU child (290 days) so by the time he came home he was hooked on the GumDrop pacifier offered to him in NICU, which we then had to have imported as they're not available over the counter in Australia. Our son loved this pacifier and it suited all our purposes. It was easy to clean, hard wearing, and was awesome during teething as I'd just put it in the freezer, making it nice and cold in his mouth during the many bouts of teething. Our next child was born 4 months ago and I ordered the Gumdrop pacifier for her. SHe has a range of pacifiers in her crib, but ultimately her all time favourite is the GumDrop pacifier. Love this product and highly recommend it to all!|pos
I absoluteness love this item wubbanubs are the best. I got my daughter hers back in 07 and she used it everyday. This purchase is for a friend and I can not wait to give it to her. The shipping was fast also!!!|pos
We have gone through many different pacifiers given to us from the hospital, as gifts, and ones we bought and all I can say is that if your baby will take this one it is the best if for no other reason than it has a snap on cap to keep it clean.<br /><br />before this I had to carry a separate little box to carry the pacifiers.  When it is needed, I have to dig through the bag to find the box, open the box, and then take it out.  All the more difficult if you are carrying the baby in the car seat at the time.  With this one, the protective cover snaps on securely enough so that I can keep the pacifier in my pocket but is easy enough to pop off with one hand.<br /><br />As I said before, if you are going to give your child a pacifier, try this one first, if they take it it will make your life easier|pos
You guys are lifesavers.  The stuffed Serta sheep are my dog's favorite and the only toy she'll chew.  You filled the order promptly and didn't charge me an arm and a leg for shipping.  What more could a boy and his dog ask for?  Thanks.|pos
Our daughter came home from the hospital with 2 binkies, and they made life great, till she stopped taking one for about a month and a half.  We tried them again in frustration, but as she was closer to the 6 month range, we tried a mam style i had, and she loves them, and doesn't sleep without it! Shes is a much calmer baby with Binkies!|pos
I purchased the Safety 1st Comfort Check Thermometer with the bonus Pacifier Medicine Dispenser because my 6 month old daughter has some medication she needs to take, and at first glance it seemed like it was going to work great. I was wrong. This product is NOT SAFE AT ALL!! There is no valve to help slow the flow of medicine that comes out. I may as well have just poured the medicine down her throat! She choked on the medicine because it just came pouring out of the nipple! How this product was tested and approved amazes me. This is a trash product and needs to be taken off the market.|neg
My son doesn't always love the pacifier but when he get wound up this calms him down when he feels the need to suck.|pos
I bought this lion and the puppy when my son was 4 months old and he started teething. He loves it and I love it too! I have received a compliments on how cool the product is and I tell other moms to check it out at Amazon.com =)|pos
I ordered the Cutsie Caterpillar wubbanub for my daughter with hopes it would help keep the soothie in her mouth for longer than 2 seconds - and it did!! At 6-weeks old, she was able to wrap her arm around her bug, which helped keep the soothie in her mouth. This meant longer spurts of sleeping for her and me. She's now 5-months old and absolutely loves her bug. She's never far from it and can put it in her mouth all by herself. She'd be devastated if anything happened to it, so just ordered another one for back-up.<br /><br />At first I was concerned about keeping the plush part clean since it doesn't separate from the soothie, but it's a non-issue. The wubbanub washes very easily in the washing machine and air dries quickly. I just zip it inside a boppy slipcover before putting it in the wash so it doesn't get beat up by the machine.<br /><br />I highly recommend this for any parent who is frustrated when their baby's soothie keeps falling out of their mouth. Not only did it help our daughter keep it in her mouth, it gave her something to bond with as she falls asleep or needs comfort.|pos
I am a very clean person and with my husband and I's first child I wanted to make sure that the baby's pacifier stayed clean. This is a great idea!|pos
We love this paci! it's not thick and has a very nice design. It's surely different than the other ones available on the market. It's worth the price, because it doesn't suck the air around his mouth.  The only con it has, is it retains water whenever i sterlize it so you need to make sure to remove it before you give it back to your LO.|pos
Both of my little ones loved these as newborns. I've bought so many of them because I keep on losing them. I give them as shower gifts.|pos
I love these pacifiers.  They are cute and functional.  My baby can put in her mouth.  While in the car, if it falls out of her mouth it does not roll away from her like other pacifiers, she just pops it back in her mouth.  When she doesn't want to suck on the pacifier part she plays with the stuffed animal.  Great item!|pos
I don't know why by my daughter loves these, and only these.  I do have to say that compared to some other pacifiers these are odorless.  Quite a few others we tried smelt like rubber, even after boiling.|pos
I tried going through all of the other pacifiers, including the soothies. Brought these home to him and he took to them instantly and they didn't seem to get spit out easily. I love the translucence too because you can see more of his face.|pos
My daughter will not use any other pacifier than the MAM pacifiers. She spits out the others and screams until we give her the MAM binkie.  I love that they have so many different designs. And I think I really should have invested in MAM stock as many MAM products as we now have around the house.  I would definitely recommend these.|pos
We got one of these from the hospital. I guess it explains the quality of the product right away..... Awful design, horrible look, very hard and ugly pacifier, baby hates it but take other ones.|neg
My daughter wasn't impressed at first.. I kept offering it to her and after about the 4th or 5th time she decided she liked it.. now she won't take any other kind!|pos
It's sooo cute and my daughter loves it! It's super soft and she likes to hold on to it. I would recommend this product for anybody who has a baby!|pos
Our son loves this thing! It really has helped him grab on and hold things better and quicker. He is able to actually play with it and get it back in his mouth at 3 months old. Esp like the monkey. It is super soft and washes nicely. We have the elephant too, but do not prefer the material on it.|pos
This is the only pacifier my baby would use. He liked the Soothie one from the hospital (big circle one), but these were even better because they had the butterfly shape and a little hole in the handle to attach a clip. The colors are also very nice.|pos
We really like these pacifiers. We've found that these are the only ones our daughter will take, won't even take the Soothie brand even though the nipple shape is the same. We've been getting good use out of them so far. I've found that boiling them does change the color a little - makes them a tad lighter, but it doesn't have any effect on their performance and structure.|pos
I have yet to find a pacifier that my baby doesn't get board with. It's light weight  and if it's not in her mouth then  it's right by her side. My 4 month old loves it.|pos
My first born used these and we loved them. One solid piece that you don't need to worry about breaking apart. We tried the round pacifier similar to this, but it was not good. It was heavy and would fall out of his mouth when he was about to sleep, waking him up. The gum drop pacifier fit his face and is light weight. They even make a vanilla flavored one. Love gum drop pacifiers.|pos
I bought these after seeing that my newborn kept spitting out her pacifier(that is shaped like a bulb) because my sister in law used it with her kid and it works like magic but unfortunately my baby was used to the other paci even though she kept spitting it out and when I kept giving her this one she would just look up at me and scrunch her face. Otherwise it came just like described.|pos
Bought these to tote along our son's NUK pacifiers.  We can fit this on the skinniest part of the Chicco carseat handle so it's always there when baby boy gets fussy and wants his paci.  This container has holes for ventilation.  It easily fits two or three of the NUK pacifiers.  We've been using this container on a daily basis for 4+ months and its held up very well.  Being plastic its also very easy to clean very well, unlike those fabric paci holders that I also considered.  If your baby uses a NUK pacificer, you should definitely check this case out.  ---updated 1/11/12.  Bought a 2nd case to keep in my car, so that we'll always have a clean, safe way to keep our baby's pacifier handy.|pos
Wubbanubs are great and I love the Mary Meyer collection! I've purchased these as gifts for several of my friends and they love them too! My friends say that it is easier to find and harder to lose and they have had no safety concerns with the pacifier. It's a great gift!|pos
Wubbanubs are great and I love the Mary Meyer collection! I've purchased these as gifts for several of my friends and they love them too! My friends say that it is easier to find and harder to lose and they have had no safety concerns with the pacifier. It's a great gift!|pos
The only pacifier my baby girl will take! I live on a base overseas and these pacifiers are so hard to come by and sell out quickly where I am. I had to resort to ordering online cause they never have them! Great quality and no plastic pieces! These are the only pacifiers I will ever buy.|pos
We tried 3 other brands of pacifiers and our son seemed to be able to keep Dr. Browns in his mouth much easier than any other. It also seemed to pacify him faster/better - perhaps because he wasn't frustrated with trying to keep it in.|pos
When you're on the go you'll realize how great these wipes are.  They're food grade and safe.  I used to think you could use baby wipes to wipe down a pacifier or toy, but then you learn that the chemicals in the baby wipes aren't food grade.  That scares me as a new mom.  I'm not super cautious or protective and I'm not a helicopter mom, but when something is going directly into my son's mouth, I think important to at least take this small precaution and buy something that's safe.  Totally worth it.|pos
With my first son I used regular pacifiers. With my second, I found Wubbanub and I have bought at least 5 so far, as once in a while we loose one. I love Wubbanub as my baby can find it in his crib at night much easier, he loves it also as a favorite teddy bear, and because the wubbanub is heavier it is harder to walk around the house with it, decreasing the chances of addiction to having a pacifier all the time in the mouth. My baby uses mostly to go to sleep, in the car or in the stroller. And I think that it will be much easier to break the habit in the future. Maybe I will just cut off the pacifier and he can keep the bear, giving him something to hold to.|pos
This was exactly what I was looking for when I was looking for a pacifier holder. I also like that it clips on to the outside of bags, so it's easy to access when you have a screaming baby. Also fits 2 binks!|pos
We've tried a number of pacifiers, and these are, by far, the best.  We really like that they glow in the dark, and thus can be easily found in the middle of the night.|pos
My son wouldn't take any pacifier until I tried the Wubbanub. It definitely soothes him to the point he falls asleep.|pos
my son loves his wubbanub. it helps keep the pacifier in their mouth when they are nb and when they get older its easier for them to find and put in their mouth!|pos
Before coming across this pacifier, we had tried 3 different kinds of pacifiers and neither one of our 2 babies liked them. Finally Natursutten saved us... :-)|pos
Our first 3 kids didn't like pacifiers, but our new little one loves them! Especially this one. We adopted her and the cradle care family sent her to our home with this little giraffe, and it's been a great soother for our little one at night. I tried using a different pacifier and stayed awake for a very long time putting it back in her mouth. With the Wubbanub she puts it back in her mouth..even at 2 weeks old.  We also like that the part that goes in babies mouth stayes off surfaces (tables, etc) when you put it down. We find it easier to just hand wash and let air dry, especially since right now we only have one. Definatly a great baby shower gift.|pos
I ordered the elephant Wubbanub first. I loved it and so did my daughter. She was about 6 weeks old when I got it, and it really helped her keep the paci in her mouth. It would rest on her belly and give that extra support to keep it there. Unfortunately, my dog chewed it up. I loved the product so much that I immediately came on here to order a new one. The elephant was gone, so I chose the caterpillar. Great choice! I think it helps keep the paci in her mouth even better than the elephant. My daughter is now almost 8 weeks old, and she even looks like she is physically holding the caterpillar when she uses it. It will fall out of her mouth but stay close enough that she can root around and get it back in there quite often. Plus, it is adorable! I only wish it were removeable so that it could be better washed and she would be able to keep the toy once she no longer needs the paci or I could replace the paci if, oh, my dog chewed that part up or something.|pos
This is the same pacifier my son used in the hospital and has used ever since. I love them and they're easy to sanitize. A must have for all babies|pos
i had purchased some mam paci's for my son and within 2 weeks, he had holes in both of them at the base. when i contacted mam, they said i needed to use the diamond paci's which were designed for teethers. i had a hard time finding them in stores and was thrilled when i found them on amazon. the only negative is you can't choose the color.|pos
seems like a very nice product.  i have been trying for months to get my son to take a pacifier, but he does not want it!  but i give it 5 stars because it seems very well made, and i like that they come with individual covers.|pos
Wubbanubs are Great! They stay in place so much better than your ordinary pacifier.  Now you don't have to use one of those horrible clips to hold the pacifier onto your child's clothes.  The wubbanubs are also great for when it's time to lose the pacifier because the child doesn't want to carry it around so he gives it up himself.  I give these an A+ and wouldn't have a baby without one.  For those who say they would never give their baby a pacifier I say I can always take the pacifier away, but you are stuck with a child that sucks it's thumb!!!|pos
I ordered these pacifiers for a baby boy and I ended up getting pink color pacifiers. I was really disappointed when I opened the package. There is no way I can use this pacifiers. I really wish there was an option to choose color. As it is a complete waste of money to buy a product which I'm never gonna use.|neg
We got this bear for our daughter when she was just born and it has been her favorite since ! Along the way we got her a second one just because hers needed a wash and she wont be without it for that long ! Great product great price and so cute ! Also it was always easy for her to put the binky in her mouth at night ! Shipped fast !|pos
This is the only kind of pacifier my daughter will take. We offered her a pacifier very early on (she was only a couple weeks old), and this was the only kind she would use. I love the different designs they have and the fact that it is an orthodontic nipple. Someone gave us a pacifier clip of another brand, but it still fit because the rubber ring fits easily around the nob. I strongly recommend a clip to go with it to keep one attached to the car seat. Now that she is a little older, my daughter still uses these little ones, but she also has the Mam teether pacifiers and LOVES them. Now, I always get these as a gift for my friends having a baby :)|pos
This seems like such a good idea, but my daughter hated these pacifiers. They were always snapping shut on her, and the closures seemed to press into her face and not be comfortable. I offered them over and over, but finally gave up. I found one in the car months later that I'd left there for an emergency, and I offered it again, but she still couldn't keep it in her mouth.|neg
I was sick of fumbling around in the middle of the night for my daughter's paci.  This solved the problem.  Even if they hadn't been in any light, they were still visible hours after I put her to bed.  They also helped her learn to put her own paci back in.  I would highly recommend getting a few of these!|pos
I LOVE these. They're all I use for my binki-addicted baby. She can even hold onto the bear and is figuring out how to put it in her mouth. They're great for car trips because you can put the arms through the straps to hold the binki in--- which makes car rides that much easier!|pos
our baby is 35 weeks corrected (he was born premature at 31 weeks) and he has been using this for over a week since he came home from the nicu and the binki that comes attached is JUST LIKE the soothie binkis they use in the hospital so he took to it right away! we love it. he's able to hold it all by him self and he's only 5lbs still! I would soo recomend this paci for any baby! and the extra paci's are super cheap! we bought it straight from pacimals.com and only spent $28 after shipping and taxes and got toutou the dog plus 3 paci's that attach right on. I wouldn't recomend using the adaptor and other paci brands I would just stick with the kind that were made for it. I included a photo of my little man in the pictures at the top with mr. toutou.|pos
I bought this and 2 other Wubbanubs. It's all I use and they're absolutely fantastic. They wash easily and hold up really well.|pos
We were given this pacifier in the hospital, and we love it!  Our daughter has no trouble keeping it in her mouth, her nose isn't blocked, it's easy to clean, the grasp piece on the outside is great for handling the paci without having to touch the mouth piece, and the opening on the other side of the nipple is great for putting your finger in for extra gumming/chewing substance (sometimes they just need a little more to latch on to than just the plastic).  We have had no trouble finding paci holders that are compatible with this paci (there's a hole on the grasp piece for threading a holder thread through).  I'm ordering a couple more so we can have one paci in her crib, one with the papasan and one for the car seat (with an extra one or two just in case!).  Wish I had had these when our son was a baby!|pos
Pirate stuff is awesome no matter what, when I saw this I really wanted one for my newborn son, and ordered it right away, then when it arrived I was surprised how big the skull was on the other side and relized that he would need to be 6+ months before he could hold the weight of this thing!! Either way I thought it was still adorable and can't wait to use it.|pos
My 5 week old does not like any pacifiers, and he does not like these either. I think that the shape and feel of the plastic is too different from what he prefers most: the breast. He seems to have trouble forming suction in the way that you do while breast feeding. Like most traditional pacifiers, there is a ninety degree angle/ perpendicular junction between the hard plastic outside shell and inner soft plastic piece that goes in the mouth. This composition makes it difficult for him to latch on as it is so different from how one latches onto the breast. Anyway, I suspect that if your baby generally likes pacifiers, they will probably like these. But if they are choosy and/or exclusively breast fed, they may not like these. therefore, you may want to think twice if you're purchasing or registering for these for a baby that hasn't arrived yet, or until you have a better sense of their preferences.|neg
My son will only take a pacifier like the one given at the hospital. I was so excited to see this toy/pacifier. He's now 3 months and loves this! He can move his pacifier to his mouth himself, something he could not yet do w/o the attached toy. As a bonus, the puppy is too cute!|pos
There is something about these pacifiers that seem similar to the old Playtex pacifiers that I used for my daughters. When my daughter had my grandson, they were the only one he would take. They used to be carried by Babies R us, but for some reason they stopped carrying them, which led to a massive web search and alas, we found them on Amazon.|pos
Was suprise because wehn i turn off the light the holder was glowing.its nice cos in the middle of the night dont need to actually get up and find where is the pacifier went. Will recommend it|pos
I bought these for my new nephew and his Mom and Dad really liked them!  I didn't use them personally but they make a great gift of super fans!|pos
Wubba Nubs are the real deal.  We have ordered 8-10 of these from Amazon.  Our babies have loved them and cherished them.  They don't fall out and bounce and they can hold on to them.  Love the Wubbas!!|pos
These were the only paci's our daughter (who is now 15 months) would take. They come in fun, bright colors, which is great because that makes them easier to find at the bottom of the diaper bag!|pos
Love this and would recommend to any new parent to get for their little one.  It's perfect for traveling.  We leave it our son's carseat for any trip.. easy for him to hold onto, pick up if he drops, and doubles as a play toy!  My only negative would be the price.. you can get the same thing for about half the cost, but I really liked the dragon..|pos
When my little one was discharged from her stay in the NICU, the NICU nurses threw together a bag for us with all kinds of stuff from their shelves. Included was about 30 of these. I think I'm good to go on pacifiers for the rest of her infanthood.<br /><br />These little guys are great! We got several other brands of pacifiers at our baby shower, and my daughter rejects anything but these. She's not a huge fan of pacifiers in general, and only wants to take one when she is super, super fussy, or crying while she's waiting to eat. The Soothies are big enough and bold enough in color to find in the middle of the night in the crib, too, which is an extra bonus. They're also really easy to keep clean. I throw mine in the dishwasher. You can also stick your pinky finger in the little hole on the nipple part, and that really seems to be something my daughter likes a lot.<br /><br />With all that said, the best part of all isn't advertised. These pacifiers are translucent, so when you put it in your baby's mouth, you can see the sucking action. It looks a bit like a lamprey, really. It's absolutely absurd and adorable. I never thought I'd find amusement in watching my kid suck on a pacifier, but it's strangely fascinating, and my husband and I both laugh at it every time. She's our little lamprey.|pos
My son just doesn't like pacifiers, but he likes this one when he's tired enough and just needs something to gnaw on for a minute while he falls asleep.   I like that's it's one piece, and it's tough so I don't have to worry about him breaking it or anything.|pos
I wish i thought of this! Perfect for baby to have something to hold, esp in the first months when they get startled & jump easily!|pos
Just exactly how I imagined it would be. Great prouct; even fits a couple bulky Soothie pacifiers and easy to access as well as attach to diaper bag!|pos
MY BABY & I LOVE THESE MUST HAVE. KINDA PRICY BUT A NICE PRODUCT. MY BABY LIKES THE TASTE LOL WOULD BUY AGAIN WILL RECOMMEND!|pos
I am very satisfied with the product.  It is just a shame that the only place a person could find this product was threw Amazon.  It is a very sturdy product. What more can you say?  It works, thank God.|pos
The pacifiers came just in time for my trip to see my grandson.  He absolutely loves only these types of soothies and they work so well.  Fast delivery great service.|pos
This is the pacifier that they gave my daughter at the hospital, and she loves it. They last forever, my older daughter also used this kind, and they are fairly big so they are easy to find in the crib at 2am.|pos
This product was perfect and so cute! The shipping was fast and the item was as expected. Very pleased with this purchase. It was a gift and it was very well received.|pos
Love Wubba Nubs, love this elephant version.  Very soft and cute! We always get compliments when out and about with it.|pos
I have bought lots of the Wubbanub pacifiers, but on a recent Amazon purchase, I decided to buy ones that are called Wubbanub, but by a different manufacturer; Mary Meyer. It came, I washed it (like all others) and it fell apart when I pulled it out of the washing machine. This has never happened with the real Wubbanubs, so be cautious and buy the original.|neg
This is simply the best pacifier we have been able to find. It is made of high quality rubber and our daughter loves it. It seems like it will last a long time. It is made in Italy.|pos
my daughter just love teething blanket i'm trying to buy her different kinds... this one serves its purpose. i received neither one in the photos... i got a green teething blanket embroidered with one bee and yes only two teething corners. it really varies in color and design but it doesn't matter as long as my 6 mo. old daughter appreciates what i get for her.|pos
got this pacifier for my first granddaughter i luv the fact that it says princess on it so very happy with it|pos
I bought this for my 5 month old.  She uses the green pacifiers attached to it, so I figured she'd love this.  And, she does!  It's the perfect size for her little hands.  She enjoys feeling the different fabric textures and chewing on the arms/legs.  She's still learning how to put the paci in her mouth, but she's almost there.|pos
My baby is almost 4 months old and absolutely loves it..its easy for her to hold onto and it goes everywhere with us...|pos
Love this pacifier. It is just like the ones issued in the hospital - only it's not green. I purchased this because of it's girly colors. My baby doesn't like any other pacifiers other than the soothie. Love it and so does baby! :)|pos
This pacifier attacher is great. It is much nicer than the fabric ones and I love the skulls :) Perfect for your bad boy.|pos
I didn't want to give my baby any items with potentially harmful substances (Phlates & BPA's specificallY), so I was searching high and low for natural baby items.  I was very pleased to find this item and my baby loves chewing on these.  I like that these are natural products and I feel confident in giving these to my baby.|pos
Such a great accessory for an infant.  Stuffed toy attached to NUB pacifier keeps paci from slipping down in car seats, beds, etc., and is a cute plus to boot!  Excellent gift for any young thing!|pos
Just a nice handy item to have.  Leave it hooked to the outside of our diaper bag for easy access.  Easy to clean too.|pos
I bought this as a baby gift after seeing my nephew using his. Hope this helps my friend never loose a pacifier again. The only thing I'm not crazy about is the pacifier is stuck there. It can't be removed. It would be nice to be able to change the pacifier. Other than that it looks like a great baby gift.|pos
Their nice, strong, easy to clean and boil, super cute and good to go for football season! great over all passys!|pos
Save your money! I used this the first time I took my son to the doctor and it fell and broke in half!|neg
I wasn't sure about pacifiers, but got this from a ecostore that was closing down before my child arrived and when she seemed colicky and as I read/viewed Happiest Baby on Block, I decided to dig it out of all the new baby stuff.  she isn't a big pacifier girl, but as we struggled with colicky type symptoms, I also got the traditional paci from the store.  she definitely prefers this one to the others.  it seems yesterday we dropped/lost it.  hence, I am here trying to figure out what to do to replace it.|pos
This is the only paci my son would take. Like what others said, this was given in the hospital he was born. It was really a life saver on those fussy moments! Helpful to have a couple of these in your bag, car, crib, daycare etc!|pos
I was always a fan of the Soothie pacifiers but didn't like how big they were around. I think these are just what I needed. My son loves them and the Blue is so pretty.|pos
This pacifier is so easy to find.  We have had two for over a year and my daughter can find it easily on her own. Great product!|pos
Mr. Toutou is my daughter's friend.  She's had him since she was about 3 mo old, up to now (11 mos). When she dropped and lost him one time, we got her another one. Mr. Toutou can calm her at night when she wakes up in the dark, and she goes back to sleep on her own. She likes to suck on the pacifier, the ears, the limbs, everywhere! It's good that the pacifier detaches and I can wash the stuff toy part.  Now that she's teething, she also bites the circle around the pacifier - suprisingly, not the pacifier itself. The only reasone this gets a 4.5 instead of 5 is when we got MT 2.0, we noticed that the ears are much shorter than the original MT.  We loved the floppy ears.  Oh well... It's still great, all around.|pos
I bought these pacifiers because of other reviews that their babies liked the pacifier, and they were breast fed babies. My son did not like these wish i would not have purchased them. I do like the design better that the ones that you get at the hospital. My son will suck on the mam pacifiers for a while. I think it is because these have nothing for him to get latched onto and the mam pacifier kinda bows out to the sides.|neg
Fast shipment!!! My daughter loves it! Very cute!! Love that its so easy to find at night!! Can't wait to buy more!!!|pos
Our 6 month old MUST have dragon to fall asleep - he's a savior! Plus, unlike a regular pacifier, he's easy to keep a hand on so he won't fall on the floor. And we sometimes tether him, too. The only problem is that the dogs have destroyed two of them. so if you have dogs, get a couple extra Dragons.|pos
I am a nurse and this is the paci that is used in many of the hospitals I have worked in and this was the paci of choice at the hospial my twins were born in. The paci did not deter my twins from breastfeeding and it does not leave those awful marks on their faces that some of the other pacifiers do. This is the ONLY paci I will use and have two in every room of my home and 4-6 of them in my diaper bag!!!!|pos
I saw a little boy with one of these and had to order one for my son. It's so cute when you look at it, and when my son is using it, even cuter! Many variations to choose from but I chose the doggie! Well made!|pos
My almost 6 month old loves these.  It's not much larger than the one he used after the smoothie ones from the hospital but we like that it doesn't mash into his big cheeks and the clear allows us to see more of his sweet face (since he's got it in all the time)!|pos
Not only is it adorable but my daughter loves it. Its her friend as well as a soother. I have sewn new binkies on it when our dog ate it off and we have never lost this. I'm buying this as a shower gift for every shower I go too! The best part is they go with any theme and when its time to say goodbye to the binky they can keep their friend forever!|pos
I have been using these since my now 3yr old was born. They last a long time and don't get all gross like some other brands from daily use. If you get water inside them, they will squeak when baby sucks it and get gross. So I always dip the nipple in water then wipe it clean. Also you will need to clean around the base of the nipple part where it attaches to the hard plastic. There can be buildup of milk, formula, food, etc. you will want to clean out. Again, just dip the nipple part under hot water then use your fingernail or a towel to wipe the buildup away from the base. DO NOT SUBMERGE - or it will squeak when baby uses it (which kept mine awake bc of the noise it made) and grow all kind of nasty mold inside the nipple. Just dip it into hot water. I would check about using the microwave bag for sterilizing - not sure if these are rated for that.|pos
I bought this for my granddaughter and was diaappointed to find that the paci could not be removed for cleaning or changing to a different pacifier, as baby grows.The concept is great, and there  are other manufacturers who do make units where the paci can be changed out.  I wish I had done a little more research.|neg
We tried different styles and brands before and she didnt like them. But she likes this a lot. It works so she stops crying when there is nothing else to do.|pos
My son never really sucked on binkies but he does love this one, now, at 14 months. Mostly to chew on and suck a little bit with his teething, but it is a really great pacifier. I love the natural materials and it is quite soft, more so than the silicone ones. It is a bit waxy and rubbery smelling at first but if you sanitize it before first use as it states, it goes away. The waxy part is a natural coating from the rubber and will fade.|pos
There are lots of styles of binkies out there, this one is only one our baby likes.  Have a few of these, in your diaper bag, purse and stroller...|pos
I could not find the MAM Perfect readily available in stores. I purchased online and my daughter loves the MAM perfect. In fact I have several in every color. They are truly very thin and soft. She's used other MAM pacifiers and teethers before, so I had a hunch she would like this pacifier. This has by far been her favorite pacifier. I am recommending this product to all my mommy friends whose babies use pacifiers.|pos
This is the paci that my baby was given in the hospital and the only one she will still take.  I had to order more just in case we ever lost the one and I love Amazon because shopping with a baby isn't very easy...awesome product, awesome service.|pos
I love these pacifiers. The design is cute and they hold up well in the dishwasher. My favorite part is that they come with a snap on cover so the pacifier stays clean in your diaper bag or purse. Much better than using a baggie or pacifier holder that just takes up more room. I will be ordering more of these.|pos
I got one of these at the hospital, and it is the only pacifier my son has ever accepted. Highly recommend you at least try it if you haven't already. It's great, because you can stick your finger in and babies tend to latch onto it better when you do.<br /><br />And they look like a suckerfish, as you can see by looking down the translucent nub. It's entertaining AND useful.<br /><br />And I totally don't laugh at my child.<br /><br />---------UPDATE 10/18/2013----------<br />My second son is now four months old and he has never once liked these pacifiers. It is true that all babies are different, and they all have mouths of different shapes and sizes. It always seems like it is awkward for him to latch onto the soothies (I've tried both the 0-3 month and next size up). They work okay if we can hold our finger there, but once we let go he spits it right out.<br /><br />I am leaving my rating at five stars because they were still a lifesaver with my first-born. They are a quality product made out of a sturdy material, and the shape is brilliant (it is never going to get swallowed). I also recommend trying a few types, though. NUK is his favorite. Hope this helps!|pos
In contrast to the good reviews here, my 4 month old daugther refuses it<br />because of its disgusting smell.<br />For a first couple of weeks, it was good. However, after that it smells like feet :(|neg
We received a Wubbanub as a baby shower gift for our now 5 1/2 month old baby. She loves it! Initially I thought we would not use it, but as it happens, grandma popped it in her mouth while we were out one night when baby was only a few weeks old and it was an instant hit (we had previously only tried a couple other brands, which she rejected)  History was made and we have a slew of pictures to document her fondness! Only at over 5 months old now, it has become a bit of a distraction when trying to get her down: she loves to play with it (giraffe is what we have, which is totally cute) and the stuffed animal is something to tug on, thus pulling it out of her mouth.     I vowed to give this as future shower gifts and just sent the Ella Bella elephant one to my sister. I hope her new little one likes it, I haven't gotten any feedback yet. I have now been searching for a binky that is of similar feel but without the stuffed animal - something that won't be distracting for when we are trying to put her down. We will still use this one for awhile yet, though. Cleaning is not too much of an issue - can either throw it in the washing machine or hand wash to clean the animal.|pos
My daughter does not routinely suck on pacifiers, but at 10 months old, these infant pacifiers (other brands can use harder plastic- the soft material seems to work best) are her favorite teether. She sticks a thumb in the hole and uses the mouthpiece as a sort of cushion so that it doesn't hurt if she chews/bites her thumb. I attach the ribbon clip to the edge of the pacifier so that she can grip it- she also sucks on the ribbon.|pos
I would give the Mam pacifier a 5 star, but I'm rating this particular item with 1 star couse you do get any color, bought 2 for my son and got a green set (good) and a purple set.<br />They list an Item model number that correspond to the blue one in the first picture, but you will get any. so save your time and maybe pay a bit more but buy the color you want.|neg
I ordered these because these are the kind of binks that my kid likes. He is very soothed by them and goes right back to sleep if Im quick enough. I saw that the colors could vary, but if I really cared that much about what color the things were I would have driven my lazy butt to the store and picked some out in person. I put the pink one up as an emergency back up and attached the green and blue one to his pacifier clip. Tragedy averted.|pos
I was looking for pacifiers and came across this.  It is the cutest thing.  I haven't had a chance to use it yet as I still have two months to go.  My friends that have seen it want one so I will be buying a few more to give as gifts.|pos
Absolutely LOVE these.  My son latched on from the very beginning with our help by putting our finger into the hole.  I love that it doesn't obstruct his little nose.  He falls asleep sucking on these, and it keeps him calm while I prepare to feed him.  Being a breastfeeding mother, I also feel good about the natural shape of the pacifier.|pos
This is very useful in the car seat when the baby is too small to hold in the paci.  It will help keep the paci in the mouth.  She can hold it easy too!  Now that she is 8 motnhs old, we put it in her crib with her and if she wakes up she can find it herself and put it in her mouth.  Again, I can not say how great this was for the car seat!  It washes easy in the washing machine.  I buy these for every baby shower I go to.  They are cute, cuddly, and work great!!!!  We love this product!!|pos
My daughter's favorite and now mine.  Can't find them in stores so Amazon makes it so easy to order them.|pos
We purchased the monkey Wubbanub for our son when he was six weeks old.  It has become such a staple in our lives that we thought we had better get a back up because our lives would be VERY difficult if we should ever lose monkey!  We purchased the lion Wubbanub and he loves it just as much.  It's cute because he likes to hold onto his mane while he's sucking away.  This thing is a lifesaver, trust me!|pos
Both of my sons refused every pacifier except the Soothie for the first few months of their lives.  They even rejected the new Gumdrop pacifiers, which are similar to these but do not touch baby's nose.  Apparently my boys like these even though they look too big for a newborn.  Must be something comforting about it.|pos
We love all the wubanub pacis.  My baby, a preemie by two months, has loved the monkey wubanub since he was around 4 months. he is now 10 months old and it is a critical part of his bedtime routine.    I bought this elephant as a baby shower gift.|pos
I ordered this for my girlfriend as an 'early' birthday present! It arrived in FOUR days, packed well & was in GREAT condition! Would definately deal with you guys again!  Paul  Tucson,AZ|pos
I love this product! I try to use natural things for my baby and this pacifier is perfect. I'm pregnant with my second child and plan on using again. I recommend using this pacifier above all other natural rubber pacifiers. I have tried the natursutten ones and do not like them at all!! The way the little handle is it jus collects fuzz and dirt that you cannot get off! Absolutely horrible! So I recommend this product above all others.. And I think my daughter would agree! She loves it too! :) hope this helps!|pos
Tried several different pacifiers and our daughter would only take the original one given to her at the hospital.  We got tired of washing the same pacifier over and over again so when we saw First Years made the GumDrop pacifier, we were very excited.  Unfortunately, this is NOT the same pacifier - it is squeakier (more plasticky than the original rubbery one) and less flexible.  In conclusion, just buy the Hawaii Medical Group one because this one is just a waste of money.  I am giving it only 1 star because I feel I was misled by the name which makes me mad.  If First Years insists on making a copy of the original, they need to give it a copy-like name (for example RainDrop or GumBall - I don't know, just a thought).|neg
i love these! they not only come in cute designs and colors but these are the only binkys my baby would ever take! i'm so thankful for them :)|pos
This was the only pacifier that was the right size for our newborn.  She seemed to gag on the others once in a while; they were to big even though were size 0.  Good shape and fit and very cute designs.|pos
I love wubbanubs and so does my baby! The soothie style pacifier is the only one he will take, but they are hard to keep in. I like having the stuffed animal attached as it helps keep it in and makes the binky harder to lose.|pos
Love, love, love this lion wubbanub. It is so cute and the satin mane and satin tip on the tail are perfect for rubbing. We have already had the duck, frog and elephant and this is a welcome edition. :)|pos
Our son received his first red dog wubbanub paci while in the NICU and after he was released later I soo understood why the nurses loved these pacifiers. My son who just turned 4 months old is not a great paci sucker even though he likes to fall asleep with it, but his Wubbanub helps him by staying in place! I just love that they are very easy to find...havent lost one yet!..and he has three!|pos
My wife bought this for her godson, and he loves it. It was smaller than she had pictured, but ended up being the perfect size for him. Talking about size, the monkey is the size of beenie baby. She said the only thing she didn't like was that the actual pacifier can't come off to be cleaned. Her friend bought pacifier wipes to clean it.|pos
Love knowing that it's all one piece. My baby really likes this pacifier. We tried several different kinds, but she only wanted this one.|pos
I love this.  2 pacis can fit in this pod.  I love that it matches my JJ Cole Diaper & Wipes Pod, and my diaper bag.  The material it is made out of is so easy to clean, and doesn't hold or absorb germs.  I love it.  It is a perfect baby shower gift.|pos
Pros (mam binkies really are the best):<br />1.  When your baby gets to be old enough to bring things to his/her mouth, these binkies are very easy to get in!  There's no upside-down (like there is with most orthodontic pacifiers), and there's no floppy hook in the way.<br />2.  They're weighted extraordinarily well, and when they fall 90% of the time, they land without touching the nipple to the ground!  This is an enormously valuable feature!<br /><br />Cons:<br />1.  They're a little hard to come by, so when you find them, you've got to stock up!  I can only find the 6 mo size at Walgreens and my local grocery stores.<br />2.  They're more pricey than others.  (worth it, tho!)<br />3.  You can't pick the colors when ordered from Amazon.  I lucked out and got blue for my boy, but I could have received pink.|pos
Our 2 month old loves to be pacified, but this will not stay in at all. It pops out after a few seconds. We switched to a cheapo type and those work much better. These are not all they're cracked up to be.|neg
We got this because his paci was falling out, and he woke us up every hour to put it back in. We couldn't figure out how to get this to stay in place so he could find the nipple on his own. Maybe good if you start using it right away, instead of when they are older.|neg
We got one like this in the hospital when our baby was born.  It is nice to have a simple one piece pacifier.  It is very easy to clean and withstood being boiled.  The baby loves it.|pos
we used these pacifiers with our daughter when she was a newborn.  She quickly learned to suck the Soothie without nipple confusion (even though she is tongue tied).  When she was about 1 month old, we transitioned her to the NUK brand of pacifier because they are easier for babies to keep in their mouths while sleeping.  Now that she's 4 months old and started teething (poor thing!), we use the Soothie as teethers. She can easily hold the pacifier and chew on the nipple or the edges of the pacifier.  She especially likes to chew on this pacifier when we have our finger inside the nipple.  Turns out that the Soothies are better teethers than the majority of her teething toys...|pos
I bought this for are son.  Its easy to grab while in the car.  Regular pacifiers not attached to anything get lost in the car seat.  Also he holds on to it.  Its something for him to grip on and soothe him at the same time.|pos
My baby loves these pacifiers and so do I! They are such high quality and so good on babies teeth.|pos
I always worry about my son's pacifier being dirty when we are out. At home, we can always wash it before giving his pacifier to him. But it is not always that convenient when we are out. I know a lot of people do not quite care about it or think lightly of if the pacifier being super clean. I am so relieved when I found this product - what a great idea. I also use it to wipe my nipples before I nurse my son. It makes me feel better knowing that I clean the stuff that is going to enter his mouth.  He is now 3 months old. I plan to use this to clean all the toys that he will be chewing on later. Again, toys can be washed when we are at home but not easily when we are out. This product really comes in handy when we are out. I carry it in my purse and in my diaper bag now.|pos
I bought this cute Binkibear for my 4-M-old son and he fell in love with Binki as soon as he saw it!! He really enjoys cuddling with Binki and plays with it. I even found my son rolling on the bed and still holding it in his arm!LOL The only thing I didn't satisfy is my son doesn't like the pacifier attached on Binki, but I think it's not a big deal, I can buy other pacifier to replace it.|pos
My daughter is a breastfed baby and I was afraid to give her any pacifier at first.  But when the screaming constantly got to be too much, I decided to give this one a try.  Heaven!  She only sucks it for brief periods until she calms down and when she's done, she is DONE, she spits it out with a disgusted look on her face that is too funny.  But it has caused no nipple confusion and it does what it's intended purpose is, stopping the screaming.  Highly recommend!|pos
Love it. Soft and adorable. My daughter had it when she was small and even at one now, she still uses it like a lovey. It's easy for her to find at night when she wakes and fits perfectly in her small hands. I buy it for all my new mommy friends.|pos
Perfect for a small baby...the stuffed animal lays on the baby and the pacifier is just the right size for his little mouth! We had a monkey and had to get a second in case it was lost b/c our baby loves it so much!|pos
My son loves this pacifier! He has been using it since we got it (he was 8 weeks). At first he could care less about the dinosaur attached and was just interested in the pacifier, but now he loves that he can grab it and move it around.  He doesn't have the ability to put a small pacifier in his mouth yet, but with the dinosaur he can hold it much easier.  I also love it because if you lay the dino on him or a surface with the pacifier in his mouth it doesn't fall out so easily as the pacifier alone.  A great help for when he wakes up when the pacifier falls out! Overall we find it so adorable and helpful - it goes everywhere with us!|pos
Ever since I bought my friend a wubbanub for her son, I've been wanting to buy these for everybody. So far, all the babies seem to enjoy them! I bought this for my cousin and his girlfriend's baby boy. Way too cute!|pos
This is the best!!  My son is able to take the pacifier in/out of his mouth on his own, we no longer lose pacifiers, and it is easy to catch if it does fall out or he drops it.  We give this to our 5 month old every night and we find him curled up snuggling with the lamb throughout the night.  Sometimes he will even put it back in on his own in the morning and go back to sleep for a bit.  This was a lifesaver for us!!!|pos
After trying all kinds, these are the only pacifiers that my daughter will take.  I love them and they come in such cute colors!  So glad we found these!<br /><br />The glow-in-the-dark kind are especially genius... no more searching for lost pluggies with a flashlight trying not to wake the baby too much.|pos
My husband and I were given two orange newborn GumDrop pacifiers in the hospital and found that our daughter took to them quickly as she needed the additional suckling time and I couldn't be her permanent pacifier.  Before we found that our daughter prefers the GumDrop, we tried the following pacifiers (because we received a ton at my baby showers):   1) Philips Avent Soothie Pacifier - look similar to GumDrop, but doesn't have the nook cutout around the nose  2) NUK latex pacifier and the Nuk silicone - have the angled tip upwards  3) various MAM pacifiers - shorter oval sized stem and silicone  4) Dr. Brown's orthodontic pacifier - angled tip upwards    Our daughter preferred silicone to latex and wasn't picky at first, but once she hit 6 months, she wouldn't take any of the others than her GumDrop!  We don't give out 5 stars easily unless we really love something, but these GumDrop pacifiers are the best.  One thing to note - I wasn't sure what the difference was between the newborn vs. full-term GumDrop pacifier - newborn was what we received in the hospital on the package but it said full-term on the ones we ordered here on Amazon.  From what we can tell, we believe the only difference is the thickness/consistency of the silicone.  The newborn ones appear to be a little thinner/softer type of silicone and the full-term ones are a little thicker/sturdier perhaps since they chew harder especially now that there are teeth!  There is no difference in the length of the stem or the overall shape of the pacifier.  We purchased the natural scent as we thought that was safest and we just make sure to wash them often so they don't get the plastic type of smell pacifiers sometimes carry.  But next time we may try to order the vanilla scent just to see what the difference may be.    Pros:   - Love the nose cut-out because they can breathe easily without interference and it is made to conform to their face comfortable - not like the Soothie that takes up their whole face!- Hole for stem is easy for her to put her finger through when she wants to chew on something with some substance  - Medical-grade silicon -> dishwasher safe  - One piece of silicone is easy to clean and doesn't collect in hard-to-reach crevices  - Soft and pliable -> no nipple confusion when breastfeeding  - Firm enough that your little one can chew away but lightweight  - Hole that you can loop a pacifier strap through it to attach to their clothes  - Available in four colors: pink, purple, orange and blue    Cons: NONE!*  *One we received from the hospital recently cracked (after 7.5 months of use) as she liked to chew on all sides of them now that she can grab them herself and she was bending them backwards (against the way they are made to fit smoothly against their face).  I tried giving her one of the others we had until I could order some GumDrops and she put them in her mouth, immediately pulled them out and laid them on the ground all in a matter of two seconds.  That's why I think the full-term are helpful because it's a sturdier silicone likely better equipped for older babies/toddlers.    Just recently we saw [[ASIN:B004IOHN8Q The First Years 2 Pack GumDrop Infant Pacifier, Pink/Purple]] are now sold at Target and they have the same shape and appear to be almost identical to these but these also are offered in one more color, green.  I did buy some just to see if they were different and I noticed the difference in the thickness of the silicone in these much clearer than the ones on Amazon.  The First Years 0-3 months version is softer/thinner/more pliable than the 3+ months version which is a thicker/sturdier silicone.  The best price is still on Amazon, but still a good back up if you're ever in a bind.|pos
Not sure why, but after trying several brands my son only likes this ones<br />they are vented, so you can also fill it with water, freeze it and use it for teething|pos
Thank goodness that I was able to find these pacifiers on amazon! They are the only ones my son will use and it seems all the stores around have discontinued them. I wasn't too worried about color of pacifiers for when you are in need color doesn't matter...but only 2 days after placing the order I was pleased to have them arrive and extra happy to have gotten blue ones! Would order these again if I needed too!|pos
I have a giraffe and this elephant. The giraffe is my and my daughter's favorite, although it seems to cost more than the elephant everywhere I've checked. I get so many comments from people about these. Not only are they cute, but they are also very effective. Tiny babies can find it easier and as they get older, it becomes a little like a lovey. Mine holds the ears while she nurses and then transitions to that nipple when she's done with me :)|pos
this product is great!  first introduced this to my baby at two weeks.  she had reflux and the pacifier seemed to help sooth her. still loves it today and she's 6 months.  we have three different ones but the lamb is our favorite.|pos
This is the perfect pacifier holder. Our daughter uses the Sassy MAM pacifiers and we are able to fit two in this holder. It keeps them clean and makes it easy to find a paci when you need one! Great buy!|pos
I loved these pacifiers!  They are the best pacifiers!  My baby was breastfeed and I found these and they are great.  They actually simulate a nipple and move back and forth as the child is sucking.  So they are wonderful.  I have tried all the other pacifiers and my baby still seems to like this best of all.  Only trouble is stores have discontinued them...soo now you can only find them online.  So be prepared to order a few at a time!  Some folks say they have found mold in them.  I disinfect my nipples and pacifiers in boiling water every week and have found no sign of that!  These are a terrific product. I give it a 10 star in my book!|pos
LOVE IT!! I do NOT like that the seller made it look like it was only $10 and then oh yeah, the shipping is $10 for this item....WWHHHHAAAATTT! give me a break. BUT 15-20 is about the normal price range for these things around the board so whatever dragon lady. Have it your way. It was always easy to find. I wash it like at least once a week and let it air dry and my little man loves it and I get comments on it all the time. It doesn't weigh nearly anything so it's not hard for him to keep in his mouth either like I was thinking. The wings are much more bright turquoise blue and i think it's even cuter than the picture.|pos
These are the only only pacifiers my granddaughter likes!  They're most like the ones she was given in the hospital when she was born. If she loves them, I love them, too!|pos
This is great! It helps keep the pacifier near baby's mouth, which is a lifesaver when driving. Our baby also loves playing with the toy monkey.|pos
I too got these pacifiers in a gift bag from either Babies R Us or Buy Buy Baby and would highly recommend for newborns.<br /><br />That said, we didn't use these until nursing was well established, maybe about 5-6 weeks or so.  I was reluctlant to use but there are times when a pacifier is helpful.  These were the only ones he'd take.  And when we started doing a bottle a day just to get him used to the bottle he wouldn't take any other nipples but the MAM nipples so the pacifier worked well as a transition to the bottle.<br /><br />Pacifiers are widely available everywhere, bottles/nipples are not (off topic).|pos
My husband is a die hard Red Sox fan. Being from New England we just had to have these on our registry. I had my doubts about them since they weren't one of the big brands, but my baby loves them! He has a very deep palate and need something a bit longer than the average pacifier to trigger his suck reflex, and these worked great!|pos
The first one that arrived didn't work, but a couple of days later I had a new one at my door! Very happy!|pos
My granddaughter loves her wubbanubs. She has several different animals.  They are well made ... soft and cuddly.  Pacifier is securely attached.  Worth every penny.|pos
The product was not supposed to delivered until June 12- June 27 and I received the product on June 2.  I was very happy with the product and would purchase more items from this buyer!!!|pos
My son loves his Bull Nuk as we call it.  Doesn't bounce away so it's easy to find, and stays on his chest in the stroller.  I toss the whole thing in the laundry with no problems.  We get so many compliments on it.  A bit bulky for nighttime sleeping, so we only use it during the day.|pos
My baby has used nuk pacifiers since he was born. He loves them and I love its colors and designs. I feel very comfortable and secure with all NUK products.|pos
My son has tried so many different types and brands of pacifiers, only to find that MAM are the only ones that he likes. The Avent ones are a close second but they fall out easier than these. My son used the smaller MAM ones before but after 4 months or so he wanted something bigger, and this was it. When choosing a pacifier, try to consider the kind of bottle nipple your baby likes. Mine uses the Playtex bottles, so I suppose he is used to a larger nipple. The gerber pacifiers were very highly recommended to me, so your baby may like those if they use a bottle with smaller nipples, such as Dr. Browns bottles. Anyway, good luck and I hope this pacifier will work for your baby too. It has saved us from hours and hours of complaining. :-)|pos
We searched for pacifiers that she would take for a while. We heard about these and tried them. It was worth it! She loves them. The only problem is that she is now mobile and has since lost all but one. I'm here ordering more. That's how good they are!|pos
I first bought this item when my son was a little less than 2 months old. He loved Soothie he got from the hospital but he kept dropping it. I wanted to get this one so that my son could hold it. He absolutely loved it! He went everywhere with it. He also played with it like a toy. Most of the time,this paci was the only way to calm my son down. I washed it in the regular washing machine with rest of his clothes and dried it in a drier with high temp many times and it was still fine. I ended up buying total 4 of them for my son. The difficult part was to get rid of this pacifier from him. He didn't go to sleep with out it. He became so fussy without it. However, last month when my son was 20 month-old, he chewed the soothie badly and tier all of them off. I didn't buy another one for him but I gave him a little teether just to keep something in his mouth when he gets fussy. First 3 days without this paci were very rough but he became fine without it after a few days. Now he is 21 month old, and still chews on teether a few times a day just for a little bit, but he is completely pacifier-free. I am very happy. This pacifier helped my son and my family a lot.|pos
these are NOT Hawaii medical Gumdrops, they are smoother/shinier silicone and have a harder plastic plate in them....My son knows the difference!! If your baby likes the soothie get the Hawaii medical ones|neg
LOVE these.....so does my son, and my nephew :)<br />DO NOT be fooled by the first years brans gumdrop....they are NOT the same...the inner plastic is harder, they are a glossy silicone not a softer silicone. My son loves the hawaii medical but not the first years.|pos
We had another pacifier that was given from the hospital. The one that we used was really good too except that it was too heavy for infants. Out son is now 8 weeks old and he always love to suck on a pacifier to comfort himself and we needed one to put him to sleep except the old one would fall out from his mouth when he was just about to fall asleep. So we we went to BabiesRUs to get a new one. This is the one that we bought. It's pricy compared to other ones but we wanted to right one so we didn't have to waste money on trying out multiple pacifiers.   This one is great. It stays in!! The only thing that bothers me is that water does get into the pcifier and we have to clean it really thoroughly. However, if we shake the pacifier really well, the water will go out and as I observed the pacifier, the water will not get back to our son's mouth.   We got another one from Amazon so we have 2 handy. However, I would probably go back to the old ones when he can suck on something that's a little heavier.|pos
This product looked like a great idea, to help parents with sterilizing pacifiers that fall on the ground over and over and over. It was amazing to see the pacifier ready to use in just a few minutes. But the quality of this item is very poor! It stopped working after only a week of use, and it was already presenting some problems since day 3... My wife got really upset, and we are trying to return the item.|neg
The hospital my son was born in used a 'Soothie' on him and I've used them ever since.  I love the 'Soothie' but it isn't easy to keep track of because the standard pacifier clips don't work on it.<br /><br />I started searching for a way to make it easier to keep track of.  Since his theme animal is the giraffe I found this cute way to hold onto the 'Soothie'.<br /><br />We call him 'Edgar' and I love it because it is cute and more importantly I can find it!<br /><br />The only issue I have with it is that Grandma had to reinforce the stitching in his neck right after we got it.  Otherwise, it has been a lifesaver!|pos
This lamb is adorable. Really cute. I love its tiny pink nose. Our daughter loves the stability of the WubbaNub and the shape of the soothie. Everything came well packaged and came quickly.|pos
I absolutely love this pacifier. They are easy to hold onto. When I need to be hands free I just stick the little tab in my mouth haha. Also the little hole in the middle is convenient. When my son is first trying to latch onto it I can put my finger in that and help him get a better grip on it. It's also really funny to look at. Lasst but not least, they are the only types of pacifier that my son will use. He loves them! They're a lifesaver for me.|pos
I used this bear to break my daughter from her pacifier.  We used her own paci on it for a while and then switched over to the included teether.  It actually worked!  She's 19 months old now and she still loves this bear.  She won't sleep without it.  I wound up buying a second one just in case she loses the first one.|pos
Best baby invention ever! We have 2 wubbanubs (actually like the frog better, it lays on the baby better for ease of use when a newborn). We never lose a paci! Easy to clean, just throw it in the washing machine. Our baby loves holding onto the animal!|pos
I added this to my baby registry and my daughter loves it! She is almost 5 months old now and she cannot sleep without dragon. My Aunt bought it for her and it is by far her favorite paci! I have tried others when dragon needs washed (by hand) and I had to buy a red and yellow puppy wubbanub because it closely resembles the dragon...<br />The pacifier is very securely stitched onto the dragon and it is relatively easy to clean. Just wash it in the sink with mild dishsoap and a cloth.<br />Ultimately this is a great paci, just wish they weren't so expensive.<br /><br />UPDATE: My daughter is now almost 2 years old and she still loves this binky. It is her absolute favorite! I had to buy a second one just in case the first one needed cleaned. Now, she sleeps with both and will NOT sleep without at least 2: 1 in her mouth and the other in her hand.<br />The stitching has held up wonderfully through the extensive use. I have not had to do any mending to it at all. I also started throwing the binkies in the washing machine on cold (delicate) and throw them in the dryer on low. Cleans them and they have stood up against the washings!|pos
We were given one of these pacifiers at the hospital when our daughter was born.  We had a few around the house that we had boughten, or were given at baby showers.  She definitly prefers these pacifiers over the rest.  They dont have latex in them, which is nice, because the last thing you would want is for your baby to have a reaction, when you have no idea what alergies they may have.  They are also BPA free, which is a must with somehting that a baby will have in their mouth!  We have about 10 of these scattered about the house.  Great product!|pos
They work great for me! Granted you can't be in the darkest room in the house to see them but then you also can't see your baby! But if you have even the smallest bit of light for your baby then these will glow!|pos
I previously bought others from the Serta site.  They no longer carry them, but thank goodness Amazon does!  This one is smaller than the normal ones, and has a pacifier in its mouth, so is perfect for the newborn.  It was my daughters favorite shower gift.  Amazon also has others, and they are all equally as cute, soft, cuddly, and ones they will keep.|pos
Just like the other reviewer said, the shape of this product has helped with rashes around my daughter's mouth.  Not the prettiest pacifier out there, but very practical.|pos
I bought this for my child before he was born.  I had a c section and my family tried to help by setting up everything for me upon my return home with the baby. By the time I went to use this product for the first time it did not work and my family had thrown away the box.  Now I am stuck with crap that never worked.  DO NOT BUY.|neg
I wanted to get the First Years brand, but had a hard time finding it, finally I gave up and bought this one. No Regrets!! My son has tried Nuk and the Playtex pacifiers so far he doesn't like them, he would keep spitting them out and cry. I finally gave him this pacifier last night and he loved it! He sucked on it and didn't want to let go of it. I love how it isn't too hard for him to bite on. Its just right for him. I recommend this pacifier to anyone!|pos
This pacifier is perfect! It is a great comfort knowing my son's teeth are not being pushed on (as much). He took it without a problem and liked it for the short amount of time we got to use it. He decided he didn't want any pacifiers anymore about 1 week after I purchased it. I don't think this pacifier played a role in him deciding that. Overall, it is a great product and would recommend it.|pos
I gave (sent) this item as a gift and was told they were delighted with the product.  Thank You!!|pos
Wife: My 5 month old will not take any pacifier, but this pacifier-like teething toy has been a wonderful relief for her teething woes. This item is one solid piece comprised of firm, flexible rubber. It features different textures, and every angle is chewer friendly. In addition, it is easy for tiny fingers to grip. One down side, it does NOT cool off in the refridgerator.     Husband: Most importantly, she likes it!|pos
I found this dispenser at a local store and bought it since it was the only medicine dispenser designed for infants that wasn't sold in a baby kit.  I needed it because my son (who is only 2 months old) is on multiple liquid medicines daily (and multiple times a day at that) for a few medical conditions.  He was gagging on the meds when given through a syringe and I decided he needed a better way to take the meds.  I wish I had never spent the money on this product.      Safety 1st made a horrible mistake with this product.  First off, it is nearly impossible to open this dispenser to get the medicine into it.  Even my husband had difficulty trying to separate the medicine holder section from the pacifier nipple section.  Second, the medicine started leaking out from the rim as soon as we inverted the product.  Third, the nipple section of this is a very hard plastic material that is also very large.  It is nothing like any pacifier I have ever seen a child use.      I would not recommend this product at all.  I would, however, recommend the [[ASIN:B002RJKH4G Safety 1st Hospital's Choice Bottle Medicine Dispenser]] as it does the job perfectly!|neg
This pacifiers (or ninnys as we call them) are my son's favorite brand. He is 2 months old and has taken to them from his very first week. We have other brands but Avent seems to be the one he enjoys the most. I also love the shape of the nipple and have had no nipple confusion. I was worried about this from reading various articles but he started on the pacifier from his 4th or 5th day of life and has never been confused.|pos
My 5 month old daughter has had these since 3 weeks old & loves them!! We're tried to introduce other pacifiers & she did not want them. Only these!!!|pos
I had to buy this product. After receiving it at the hospital i tried others, they were not the same. She loved this pacifier.|pos
Try these pacifiers first, I wish I had. My baby loves these, I only wish we could attach a clip somehow. No matter, I am sticking with these as long as he adores them.|pos
The Nuk Genius Pacifier is amazing!  I had started him out on the paci from the hospital and then switched to the regular Nuk pacifier which was much better.  Then, my mother bought him the Nuk Genius and it's so much better.  It is the only paci to stay in his mouth.  This means, that I don't have to constantly put a fallen out paci back in his mouth when he's fighting sleep.  I love this product and do not have anything negative to say about it.  If you like the Nuk pacifiers, try the Nuk Genius!|pos
This most adorable lamb has made giving a pacifier to a reluctant baby much easier. Our baby is exclusively breastfed (and only took to a pacifier for about 1-2 mths, and then said, no, thank you, in the form of WAAHHs!) so the pacifier isn't mommy, but this Wubbanub seems to help calm her down when I am not able to get to her (i.e. while she is in the carseat). She has even put herself to sleep with it in the car seat and the stroller. The lamb can rest comfortably on her chest while she finds the nipple herself, instead of me putting/holding a pacifier to her mouth (which would also annoy me if I were her). As others have stated, it would be great to be able to detach the pacifier from the Wubbanub, but oh well, it is still a must buy item. You will fall in love with this lamb. I even named it. :-D|pos
My baby loves this binky! It has taught him to hold on to things as well. I like it because I can kind of 'prop' it up on him when he is laying down, and it stays in his mouth. Great quality and very cute! You won't be disappointed!|pos
My daughter loved the feel of this pacifier and did not want to part with it. I love that they are made from natural rubber. They do, however, wear out super fast. After a month of use, the loop broke and the nipple was coming apart from the ring (CHOKING HAZARD!). I would replace it each month, but soon got tired of that, especially since they are pricey. I switched to MAM pacifiers and have had no issues with durability, plus my daughter loves her MAMs, too.|neg
Neither of my other two sons every took a paci, but my newborn so far has really gotten attached to one.  This product is AWESOME and really helps keep the paci in place as well as it's easier to handle for adults without getting their hands all over the paci.  I love it and plan to buy at least 2 more soon!|pos
So, I bought these when I was expecting my daughter (who is almost three), and we still use them as a teether when she needs to chew on something - she's a slow teether. She unfortunately never took a pacifier of any brand, but she loves chewing on these. They are super durable and don't show signs of breaking or cracking. These were undoubtedly the best teether we have, and i love that they are super non-toxic.     I sometimes smear a little toothpaste on them, and let her chew on them while we're winding down for her nap. While it doesn't replace a good brushing I think I does help clean her teeth without the tooth brushing fuss.|pos
Bought one of these to go along with my sons vampire costume and everyone loved it. Decent buy that put the finishing touches on my sons costume. >=)|pos
I am a Nanny to 9 month old twins. I bought this elephant paci as a gift for Easter for 1 of the twins . Usually the paci s get lost are difficult for child to put back themselves but, not with this paci! Best paci ever!!|pos
We originally used the soothie pacifiers...when I discovered these I figured they were the same, just missing the nose - well, my daughter thinks they're different...she won't take the soothies anymore (if all the gumdrops are dirty) so we have to have a STOCK of these!|pos
These are the 3 month+, even though they don't say that.  Very excellent, daughter likes them.  She is starting to teeth a little, and she chews on them.  Hold up good!|pos
I could have thought of a better gift for my lil baby girl. This is a great product, and hard to lose. My daughter is only 2 months old but she manages to hold onto the horse. I would definetly recommendthis product to all who belive in giving their child a pacifier.|pos
These pacifiers are great!  We tried four different kinds for our newborn baby girl and these were the only ones that weren't too big for her little mouth.  As a result she's able to keep them in her mouth for longer (a plus for the parents!).  I am also breastfeeding and we gave these to her her first week home and she's never had a problem with nipple confusion.|pos
Baby looks adorable using it, and it does what it's supposed to - it pacifies a baby.  Worth the buy just for the cute factor.    Now that she is grabbing, she will occasionally take hold of the stuffed-animal part and pull it out of her mouth.  That's your only look-out on this item.  You want to stay close by till the baby's asleep, so you can pop it back in her mouth if she tugs it loose.|pos
There are so many reasons your child will love this bear!  I had two wubanubs for our infant, which is all well and good.  But when he grew out of the infant pacifier and was teething, he couldnt use them anymore, they are sewn in!  This binky bear I was able to attach a teething binky to him! And take it off and put a different binky on another day, my son prefers this bear at bed time now because he cuddles him! I love the binky bear!|pos
My daughter was using the Soothie brand pacifier (I wanted to use it and we had gotten it in the hospital) & when I saw these I thought they were interesting, so I bought some and now these are all she'll use...interestingly enough, she can tell the difference between the two and will refuse the soothie brand pacifiers now.  I love that I can see more of her face with these and that they give her more breathing space when she has a cold...|pos
These are a must-have at restaurants when my daughter drops all her toys on the floor!  Since these wipes are food-grade [safe], I use them to clean the nipples of bottles while on the go.  These, combined with the ready-to-eat similac make for a much easier trip!|pos
These a good pacifiers.  My daughter prefers the ones with the same nipple as the soothies that she used in the hospital.  These have the same nipple but with a bit harder, more contoured surround.  If your kids don't like the super soothies, but you're worried about them bending the soothies too much (and choking on them), the gumdrops are a great compromise. These are also a great option if you use a pacifier leash because they provide an additional hole in the tab.|pos
Love this!!! Got this for my son when he was just newborn. I was shopping around for a binkie for him, and when I came upon the Wabbanub's I just fell in love with them. They are just the cutes thing, it's also very good cause it doesn't go flying out, when he's sucking on it. Even as a newborn he started to hold on to it with his arms around it. We love it, we've had so many compliments about it. I'd recommend it to any mom shopping for a binkie.|pos
This is the next natural step from Soothie pacifier to teether.  Great idea!  I noticed that my daughter was starting to pull her Soothie pacifier out and chew on the sides when she was 3-4 months old.  I saw this on Amazon, and thought it made sense.      It's a great, tough, solid piece teether that she can use as a back- up pacifier!|pos
MY daughter loves these pacifiers. I have tryed other ones but she likes these the best. I highly recommended them.|pos
I like these pacifiers.  They are nice clean and basic looking.  They are easy to clean and the plastic doesn't get all nasty looking, it stays nice and clear.  The only problem I see is something that is the same with all the pacifiers I have bought...water gets inside the nipple and eventually makes the inside of it have a cloudy look.  That doesn't effect the outside of it though. The plate of the pacifier has plenty of air holes to help with air circulation around the skin.    The best thing about these is there is no top or bottom to it.  This is good for a baby learning to put his own pacifier in his mouth or a half asleep baby grabbing for it in the middle of the night.    These come in a 2 pack of blue and red or green and orange.  Any are good for boy or girl.|pos
This is an amazing pacifier.  It actually stayed in my 6 week old daughter's mouth!  The soothie pacifier is the only kind my baby likes, but I was constantly having to pick it up or hold it in her mouth for her.  She was too young to hold it in her mouth herself.  The wubbanub is weighed down by the attached stuffed animal and it rests on your baby's chest.  So if it does fall out, it can usually be recovered by your little one.  This was a lifesaver during a 7 hour car ride!  I'm such a fan that I bought a second one because I don't know what I would do if we ever lost or misplaced the original one we bought|pos
We went with the Soothie pacifier because I am breastfeeding and we wanted something that wouldn't cause too much confusion.  My daughter loved this pacifier, so we bought the pink / purple ones to have extras (in the diaper bag, in case one got lost - and they always get lost LOL!).  We never had an issue with it causing troubles with her breastfeeding.  I know several other breastfeeding Moms who use this pacifier too.  My daughter has now found her thumb, so prefers that to a pacifier, but I really liked this pacifier.  Plus it is easy to clean as it is one piece.  We did buy and try the gumdrop pacifiers as they have the same nipple, but are shaped to fit their face - they have a curve to the base and a cutout for the nose.  My Daughter didn't like those as much as her regular soothie.|pos
This has saved my life.  Our newborn couldn't keep his binky in his mouth but wanted it so we would have to sit beside him and put it back in every 5min.  With this it weighs just enough to keep it in his mouth but light enough that if he doesn't want it he spits it out or just turns his head and it's out. Now at 3mths he holds onto it and falls asleep...it's so cute.  He can even put it back in his mouth|pos
They smell so good I could eat them, I smelt the bag for a good 20mins same with my husband.<br />They were a little big for my son when he arrived but soon grew into them, he loves the smell of them.<br />Sadly they lose the smell once they get washed,mine did anyway.Even without the wonderful smell they are a wonderful product.|pos
I love these pacifiers! They are like the soothie only a little firmer and they don't block the baby's nose. Good for a baby over 3 months.|pos
This is the only pacifier my granddaughter would take. We loved the scent and she loved the taste of it. We went thru several! Great size and perfect fit for her mouth.|pos
This is the only binky my baby girl will take! I love that they have a plasic cover so I don't have to worry about them getting dirty.|pos
No need to constantly reposition Soothie pacifier in baby's mouth every 5 seconds or chase it across the room when it rolls away, and its easy to find! My baby has loved it from day 1 at age 3 weeks, and it is a source of curiousity and amazement among adults and other parents. It really does help baby get the pacifier in his mouth on his own and makes it available to him if you're not there to give it to him (eg when riding in the car, Clifford the dog sits on his chest and he tilts his head forward and grabs the paci with his mouth). Excellent product! I hand wash with my bras in a natural detergent, wrings out fast. Looks adorable in photos too.|pos
These are the only binkies my son will use!  He does not like the big plastic things on other ones around his mouth.  He is four months old and we have tried the MAM for two months plus and he will tolerate them.  However, he really likes these ones.  It is hard to find this size in the stores so we appreciate that Amazon has them.|pos
The pacifiers sent are not the pacifiers pictured. These are a different name, made in another country and the wrong size. Customer service could not be made to understand that just because an item is made by the same company it is not the same item. Different markets have different items/sizes.  Bottom line is you no longer carry a staple item I purchase regularly for my 2 kids. I can not be sure you will not send me the wrong item again so I am buying from another source now.|neg
This is the same kind of pacifier you get in the hospital - and there is a reason for this:  newborns prefer this one.  As a first time parent-to-be I bought, and was given several different types of pacifiers - of course my son's favorite is the one we have only one of:  the one he went home with from the hospital.  I tried to get him to take another one, since I was afraid we'd loose this one (plus it's huge, and covers his cute little face so I wanted him to try the smaller clear one....no way he said!).  It was tough finding these in stores so I resorted to Amazon and bought SEVERAL so we will never be without!|pos
What a great product. We started using this when my baby was 3 weeks old (he's now 7 weeks old) and couldn't keep the pacifier in his mouth, no it will not completely keep it from falling off, if baby doesn't want it he definitely spits it out, but it does helps the pacifier to stay in. One thing I loved about this is the fact that we can stick the arms of the little bear through the straps in his car seat (between baby's chest and the straps) and it holds it perfectly in place for the car ride, so I don't have to keep reaching back to put the pacifier back in my baby's mouth.|pos
I bought a BinkiBear as a gift for a baby shower and the mom to be loved it!!!    It is super soft and the perfect size for little hands.  I wish this would have been around when my kids were younger!    You won't be disappointed!!!!!!!!!|pos
My baby love the newborn soothie pacifier,...but hates this one.    It is bulky and way too heavy.  it won't stay in his mouth.  Too bad!|neg
Wubbanubs are so great for newborns because they can easily put them back into their mouth after they have lost them.  They also give them a comfort item close to them.  I buy them for all of my friends with babies!|pos
If you haven't tried a Wubbanub for an infant or toddler who likes or needs a pacifier, you are missing out.  They are cute, durable, easy to hold, and keep the paci close at hand.|pos
I got the Wubbanub in the mail two days ago and I am already in love with it. This is something I wish would have been around a long time ago when I first started having kids!<br /><br />I did mistakenly by extra pacifiers thinking that they were replaceable/interchangeable, they're not. I can't complain about an assumption I made though, so I still give this wonderful product 5 stars.|pos
This is the easiest pacifier for my daughter to latch onto. Very soft unlike the orthodontic pacifier.  Last for a long time.  Have had mine 2 1/2 years and it is showing no sign of wearing down.  Would recommend this to anyone.|pos
I use these for baby wreaths. Parents love em and they're great for teaching a baby to hold things at an early age. I've been told they help with bottle holding too and I just adored this little dragon.|pos
I use these for baby wreaths. They're very durable and I have yet to receive any complaints from new parents. They're so cute and meant to teach babies to hold things such as there bottles sooner.|pos
I love this!!!  My son is 3 mo. He loves playing with the giraffe.  It is nice because he can try to put it in his mouth all by himself.  I never lose the pacifer since it is attached, and it has less of a chance to roll and fall on the ground.  I will be buying another one in the near future.|pos
My son loves Mam pacifier and refused other brand I've tried. He is now over 3 months and I have a bigger size 2+months. The nipple is the same size like 0-3 months size, only the front part (I call it butterfly) is bigger. He likes both sizes.|pos
Haha, this item was almost more for me than for my daughter. She only likes the soothies but i think they are ugly. Anyway, I heard about these Wubbanubs and got totally excited. Got it just today and my daughter loves it too. It helps keep it in her mouth without always falling out when she drifts off for a bit. Its very cute and she likes to hold on to the kitty's leg while she sucks on the soothie. She is 3 weeks old. We are pleased. :D|pos
I love these so much that I even sent some to my friend back home in the UK because she thought the big American Soothie pacifiers looked ridiculous, and couldn't believe they would make one that would cover a baby's nose. Anyway, I think they are wonderful. Exact same nipple shape as the Soothie, but with room to breathe! My son doesn't have a problem with them either. I particularly like that, with this particular nipple shape, he doesn't really hold onto it for too long, and just sucks until he's pacified then spits it out. I don't foresee pacifier addiction in our future. Can't recommend it highly enough, and this is the best price around!|pos
This is the only pacifier our son would take.  We have tried the soothies and Nuk brands, but he would just spit them out.  They have a cute design and I love the pacifier cover that comes with it!|pos
My daughter refused every other pacifier until I found these.  I also use the playtex drop ins for bottles which most simulates the nipples for breastfeeding and so do these pacifiers.  My daughter has a tiny mouth and love, love, loves these!  We got a sample with the playtex bottle kit and ordered some on line asap!  Hard to find in the stores.|pos
I LOVE wubbanubs! They are amazing! They don't stay in your babies mouth unless they are holding it in so no worry about them choking on it. It is very safe! It is simply just a very cute soothe pacifier! if your little one loves the soothe then get this! It makes the pacifier so easy to find and as your little one gets older it is also a little stuffed animal they can take along. Honestly when the pacifier gets worn out you can just cut it out and sew a new soothe in. I also have thrown this in the dishwasher and washing machine. it holds up great!!|pos
my daughter doesn't really like pacifiers and has a very difficult time keeping them in her mouth, but while in the car, this has been a lifesaver because it is small and better shaped than most other pacifiers (prob the reason they give them to you in the hospital) also, it has the hole where you can stick your finger to help your baby keep it in their mouths.  when she got older and was teething, she sucked on the paci/my finger so hard, but it worked great for her.<br /><br />downside is that there is no place to hook a holder to it, so we lost it quite a bit (thank god for bottled water to clean it on the go!)|pos
I LOVE wubbanubs! It is simply just a very cute soothe pacifier! if your little one loves the soothe then get this! It makes the pacifier so easy to find and as your little one gets older it is also a little stuffed animal they can take along. Honestly when the pacifier gets worn out you can just cut it out and sew a new soothe in. I also have thrown this in the dishwasher and washing machine. it holds up great!!|pos
My daughter rejected all pacifiers except this one.  It is the only thing that soothes her and gets her to sleep...she sucks the pacifier while hugging the monkey and stroking his arms.  It is a genius product that has been a lifesaver for me.  Well worth the money!!|pos
Product got lost in the mail and they were great about sending out another one. The product was just as promised and I would definately do business with them again. :)|pos
Pacifier wipes are a must have. I don't know about you but my baby is always dropping his pacifier or sometimes I feel like it just needs washed off. I love these for when we are out and not where i can easly give it a wash. I keep a package in my diaper bag, one at home, one at Grandma's house and one in the car.|pos
These are great pacifiers. My two and half month old daughter loves them! We tried several brands like MAM, Nuk, Munchkin and Dr. Brown's. At first we thought Dr. Brown's would work better because we use their bottle system. She likes Dr. Brown's but she likes MAM even better. MAM's pacifiers look very cute and we also combine with the pacifier clips. The clips have bright color so you can easily identify where it is and the flexible clip allows you to adjust the tightness to thickness of baby clothes easily. We are very satisfied with the purchase and highly recommend these pacifiers to all new parents.|pos
We have a box full of pacifiers for our 2 month-old daughter, and one NUK Genius we received as a shower gift... and, of course, it's the NUK Genius (the *one* pacifier that we are unable to find at any of our local stores) that she truly loves. We recently (temporarily) lost our only NUK Genius pacifier, and were forced to order another on Amazon, balking slightly at the $5 price... but with her stubborn insistence, we went ahead and ordered it, deciding that $5 is not so much $$ for household peace...    We found the original pacifier we already owned, so now we have two, and are already considering buying a few more... just in case.|pos
This product is great!  My son loves it and it is easy for him to find in the middle of the night.  He also tends to throw his pacifiers out of the crib before going to sleep, so this one is easy to find and put back in the crib because it doesn't bounce.  The people at my son's daycare love it too!  Everyone has a similar pacifier and it is hard to mark them...this one is a one of a kind there.|pos
The caterpillar wubbanub is even more adorable in person than on the website.  My daughter loves to hold it and it allows her to be able to keep her soothie close by.  The only thing I didn't expect was that this wubbanub has a lemony scent.  Neither me nor my daughter are bothered by this, but those of you who are sensitive to smells may be put off by this.  I would highly recommend this product and have already!|pos
I tryed all binkies out there and this is the one she and I both liked. Its no weird shaped and she likes it. She is solely brestfed and wont take anything silcone and she loves these!|pos
I have had this thermometer for a few months now and have enjoyed using it, and it only takes a couple of seconds to get an accurate reading. Read the directions, become acquainted with it and you will be very satisfied as I have been.|pos
This pacifier is the only one my daughter will take. We didn't accept pacifiers at the hospital as we wanted to make sure she latched on for breastfeeding. When we came home, she wouldn't take any pacifier that I registered for. I ordered this after the great reveiw and others saying they loved the ones from the hospital. Our baby took it right away and it is a savor for soothing her!|pos
How many times does your baby drop their pacifier, are screaming, and you have that moment of well if I just wipe in on my pant leg it'll be clean enough and it's not going to kill them.  These are a must-have in your diaper bag so you can clean them properly before returning them to your baby's mouth.  They also have a nice smell and don't leave a poor after taste as my son takes his pacifier immediately after it's cleaned with these wipes.|pos
Unlike many other pacifiers, these are made of a single piece of silicone, which eliminates most potential choking hazards. In addition, being made of a single piece of silicone means  they are really easy to clean, which is EXTREMELY important, and they dry thoroughly and quickly. (You can even boil them to sterilize them.)  Other types of pacifiers we've tried  ended up with condensation/water droplets stuck inside them... no good.    Also, if you are concerned about nursing issues, that shouldn't be a problem with these pacifiers. They were recommended to us by a registered nurse who is also a lactation consultant. (Incidentally, she was not a fan of the orthodontic pacifiers.)    FYI, these pacifiers work well with the Booginhead Pacifier Holder.|pos
My daughter has been using the original gumdrop pacifiers since she was a month old and we do also have a few soothies just for back up even though those aren't her favorite... she is now almost 19 months old and just gets the pacifiers for bedtime and naptime and she also teethes on them.... the gumdrops are really wearing and not holding up well (i know we've been using them awhile but we've had 14 of the gumdrops) .... when i ordered these first years gumdrops i didn't realize that i was ordering something different than the original gumdrops... when they came in the mail today i noticed that they seem alot more sturdy and durable than the original gumdrops!... now we just got them today but i think i like them better than the original just because the material seems like it will hold up better and my daughter was very excited to get them in the mail too, she didn't seem to notice a difference! also i accidentally ordered a newborn pack as well as an infant pack but i really don't see a difference.... possibly the original gumdrops would be better for a newborn and baby who is not teething?... but i would definitely recommend these, especially once babies are getting teeth!|pos
Bought these for my new little one and never once has he had any issues taking them.  They smell great and are a big hit.  I am BF and he has had no problems with latching.|pos
These really are great pacifiers.  They are slightly longer making it easier for your infant to latch plus you can't beat the holder that it comes with that latches on easily and securely which is great for travel.|pos
I was expecting something that would be made of natural ingredients especially since it is used on something that my baby puts in her mouth.  After using a wipe I feel like I needed to rinse that off too.  Would only use wherever water is available to rinse off the residue from the wipe.|neg
These are the only pacifiers my little guy will use; I love they're size (they don't block his whole face) and also I love how they always seems to fall facing up (I'm not sure why but it helps when he drops them!)|pos
The Wubbanub keeps the paci from disaappearing in the carseat,  helps keep paci in baby's mouth...if it falls out my son is able to put it back in his mouth easily, the monkey is so cute and is perfect size for baby's hands.  My son enjoys holding it in his hands while he sucks his paci--it helps soothe him to sleep...he has become pretty attached to his wubbanub already.|pos
While there is no detectable difference between the 0-3 month pacifier by Avent and their 0-6 month pacifier, the 6-18 month pacifier is noticably larger.  I made the switch from 0-6 to 6-18 at 10 months and neither of my twins seems to notice a difference.  It was time for fresh pacifiers anyhow...|pos
Everyone raves about this pacifier but my daughter has hated it from day one! She doesn't care much for any pacifier, but she disliked this one the most. We're using Gumdrop and NUK (when she'll take them). It wouldn't hurt to try it though.|neg
We got a green one from the hospital and our baby loves it. We figure we should just stick with what we have instead of experimenting. We found a similar-looking one by Avent but they weren't the same. Thank goodness Amazon has these. They are exactly the same as the one we got from the hospital except the color but the engraving on the pacifier is all the same. The color for the blue ones is actually much lighter in person than in the picture -- more of a transparent grayish light blue; very pretty though.<br /><br />I personally like how it's one piece so I don't have to worry about loose pieces coming off -- choking hazard. The pacifier is really soft. I know they make harder ones for teethers but these are the softer ones for newborns and non-teething babies. It's very easy to clean and long-lasting. We're actually still using the green one we got from the hospital but having spares make it easier if I have to clean them then I don't have to worry about not having a pacifier available if it's being sterilized. I sterilizes them in boiling water and they stand up to the heat very well.<br /><br />These pacifiers does tend to get stuff like lint and hair stuck on them because of their sticky-ish surface. I don't use napkins or cloths with lots of fiber to wipe them otherwise they get fury. Most of the time I just run it through warm-hot water and maybe scrub it a little with my hands then let it air dry.|pos
I love these pacifiers because they are the only ones my baby will take. I've tried several different brands and types but he only likes these. He is breast feed and I think these pacifiers are great because they are similar to a natural nipple. I only wish they were easier to find in the stores. Luckily Amazon still sells them.|pos
This is such an adorable pacifier and has great features too.  One of the best parts about this pacifier is that I do not have to attach it to a string pacifier holder (which could get wrapped around my little one), I would simply just rest it on him and he would push at it if he wanted it.  This sweet little animal is light weight yet heavy enough to stay put in a carseat or while he sleeps in his bassinet.  This product is great, I have had it for my child since he was born, I gave it to him about 4-5 days in as a newborn (which I have come to realize is the best time to give a pacifier to a newborn, it is not too early for nipple confusion and not too late that they refuse it).  He has been able to grasp at it from day one.  He was able to push the little animal back in if it started to fall out or push it out if he did not want it.  The design makes it easier to stay in their mouths when they are so little and are learning to suck.     It is also easy to wash and it drys quickly.  I recommend two so that you can always have one ready to go.    I did see a few other wubbanub pacifiers on sale at Babies'R'us, but when my friend purchased hers I noticed that the quality was not as good, they were much more flimsy and very light weight, making it hard to stay put.   When I was still pregnant I wrote...I love this product, it is so precious and this is the best price I have seen for these.  My friends baby has them and loves them so much, she is able to grab it at put it back in her mouth herself.  I am still pregnant and hoping that my baby will love them as much as my friends baby did.  I love how soft they are and they are a good size, not too large and not too small.  Gotta love the sweet white lamb.|pos
My nephew had the frog Wubbanub and he loved it so I decided to register for this one when I was pregnant.  I have to say my son loves it, he's 5 and a half weeks old and has been using it since day 3.  Luckily it didn't cause and nipple confusion for him.  It did start helping him sleep really well through the night.  He loves holding onto the little giraffe and it's really cute watching him.  Washing it is the only issue, what I have done so far is stick the nipple part in the boiling water while I'm sterilizing other baby things but I have read recently on a forum that they can be put in the washer safely and then you air dry it, I will have to try that soon.|pos
When my daughter used this beautifull pacifier she looks amaizing, not only that but its really comfortable in her mouth. I recomend it.|pos
My daughter is 2 months old.  When she was born they gave a soothie pacifier at the hospital. She won't take any other pacifier and they are easy to lose and impossible to find in the dark.  This product is great because you can find it in the dark, it help to keep it in easier by having the monkey laying on her chest, and when she is not sucking on the pacifier she is holding the monkey.   This may be the most valuable purchase we made for our little addition|pos
My son loves these pacifiers.  I took a chance an ordered two sets from Amazon and received two sets of pick pacifiers with peacocks.  This seems to be what they have been sending out recently based on other reviews, so if you are wanting girl colors you might want to give it a go.  I don't mind that I received pink and knew that it was a gamble, but probably would not have ordered them if they did not offer free returns.|pos
My daughter loves her elephant.  She can handle it on her own and likes to chew on the stuffed part while holding the pacifier part.  It makes it easier to find in her carseat when she drops it which makes car rides quieter.  It's a little expensive, but I would buy another one for the ease of finding it when she drops it.  If your child likes the soothie pacifiers, I would recommend this.|pos
My daughter loves these. I'm glad I bought in bulk because they tend to end up behind the crib - so it reduces the number of escavations I have to do.|pos
This is the only pacifier we could get the baby to take other than the soothie, which covers the babies whole face. Very thankful for an alternative.|pos
Priceless to have a binki that does not fall down by their neck when they spit it out.... it stays put and they can root around for it!  Perfect for the car, or for babies that are swaddled (it sits on their chest without little arms to fling it away) .  My little one loves holding it, and playing with it's ears even if she is not in the mood for the pacifier.  We have the horse, the giraffe and the elephant.  The elephant does not stay put as well as the other two because it not attached to the most solid part of the stuffed animal.|pos
I ordered a spare Wubanub for my 1 yr. old Grand daughter to have when she sleeps over at our house.  This is the only pacifier she uses and only when she goes to sleep.  She quickly finds it in her crib and doesn't need to have 5 pacifiers in there with her.  . It is soothing like a normal pacifier but also soothing in a tactile way.  It goes perfectly with her Lovey which is an Angel Dear Blankie.|pos
I did a lot of research on pacifiers and these are the only ones we've used. They are rubber, so they do smell like rubber, but that's what I expected and I don't think the smell is strong. My biggest issue has been keeping these away from dog, who has eaten 4 of them (fortunately with zero vet bills...). We got at least a month's use out of each pacifier (assuming the dog didn't eat it first). I would recommend these. A little more expensive than other pacifiers, but worth it to know what is going into my baby's mouth. And FAST shipping!!|pos
I love this product!! I would love for the pacifier to have a cap... but other than that is great!! My little girl started using it around 2.5-3 months, before that she couldnt hold the horse, but now she loves it and grabs it without a problem!! It makes it easier for her to put it back when it falls too!|pos
This is the first pacifier my baby was able to put in her mouth by herself. She only uses pacis at her bedtime, and even though I leave several simple soothie pacifiers in her crib along with this Wubbanub Kitten one, she always reaches for the Kitty paci first. She likes it so much, we got another one, a Pink Horse, for her pack-and-play at her grandparents. I must say though the Tabby Kitten feels like it's of a much better quality, definitely softer, cuddlier fabric, than the one the Horse pacifier is made of.   Oh, and the baby with the little kitten hanging from her mouth looks really, really, REALLY adorable :)|pos
We love the giraffe.  Our baby is 3 months and she holds the toy which keeps the pacifier in her mouth.  The design is great that the toy is long and lays flat unlike some of the other ones we got (the elephant for example) and doesn't fall out.  I'd recommend this product and bought it for my friends as gifts.|pos
This item was for my grandson. He lives on the other side of the country. I have no personal experience with him and the teether. However, I am told that he loves it.|pos
Best baby product ever. Great for babies in NICU since the pacifier won't keep popping out. Ibhave bought just about every style for my son or his cousin. She loves hers even at 21 months!|pos
The little hole is the perfect size for your finger. My baby loves to suck on this pacifier, and it's been a godsend in getting him back to sleep after midnight breastfeedings when he still wants to suck but is no longer drawing any milk. We brought one home from the hospital, and I'm about to buy a bunch more. Don't pay attention to people who say they are choking hazards; if the pacifier is small enough that the entire thing fits into your child's mouth, it is too small for him. Buy a bigger size!|pos
Wubbanubs are a lifesaver!  Easy to find and we have never lost one in the year that we have been using them.  Would absolutely recommend to any baby that uses soothies!|pos
I have gone through so many nooks with my son throughout the last 7 months. These are the only ones that stay in his mouth and he loves it. He will actually whine for the nook alot! I had problems with other nooks sitting funny on his face or going up his nose, not with this one.I love that it allows his skin and face to breathe. It will definitely be hard to break the habit. I call it the emergency button. All I have to do is hand him this MAM nook when he's crying and instantly he stops. I am so thankful and highly recommend it. Easy to wash, dishwasher safe!|pos
This was the only pacifier my son would take.  And I like it because it is rubber and he just chews all over it now and I don't have to worry about hard plastic hurting his gums.|pos
This was for my pregnant niece who is doing a sheep theme for the nursery - this particular sheep was very small and very cute.|pos
These pacifiers are great. My son wouldn't take any other pacifier until I found these on the internet. They are reasonably priced and a really nice pacifier. He loves them.|pos
My little girl loves to hold on to things when she is upset, and using her pacifier. This bear made it so easy for her to hold and grasp, plus I was able to switch out the pacifier to which ever one she wanted at the time... truly very cute and I am buying another one for my nephew :D|pos
When we were in the hospital, the nurse gave us a Nuk pacifier to calm our baby.  He never got the hang of latching onto it so it kept falling out of his mouth or he'd just push it out with his tongue.  We purchased the Sootheis just to try them and he loves them.  It hasn't interfered with breastfeeding at all (my one concern about pacifiers in general).  It's also really fun to look inside the little hole when he's sucking!|pos
I bought my son of of these just to keep his pacifier handy. He doesn't actually use his pacifier...it's more of a teething toy. He Loves the bink link...he could care less about the pacifier, he's all about the bink link...ordering a second one..|pos
This pacifier pod is very stylish and helpful! It goes with us everywhere and is easy to access quickly when my daughter needs her pacifier. I like the snap-on strap to attach it to her diaper bag and it's just large enough to carry two pacifiers if I need to bring a back-up paci. We had a JJ Cole pacifier pod for almost a year before it got lost while running some errands. I replaced it with this one and am so pleased. I like that this Skip Hop one has a zipper closure instead of velcro and it a tad wider inside so it fits pacifiers easier without bending them. I'm not sure what, if ever, I'll use the outer little pocket for, but I would recommend this pacifier pod over the JJ Cole ones.|pos
The seller didn't comply with description , after purchasing the Hawaii Medial Gumdrop Pacifier - Newborn, Natural Scent (Pink), I realized I received the Full-term pacifier. Hope others choose another seller in if they want to receive the right product, otherwise, good luck.|neg
I see some people complaining about the size/having difficulty keeping them in their infants mouth. While the pacifier will fall out easier than others, I find that as long as you attach it to something it stays in fine. I use a Paci Plushie (you can buy them online, they are like a Wubanub but you can use any pacifier in them, including these) and it works great. The stuffed animal keeps it in place. If you do buy a Paci Plushie they used to have a coupon code PACI for 1/2 off that still might work.     Overall these are great and is my son's favorite pacifier for use in Maximus (the name of his monkey Paci Plushie.|pos
When my son was a newborn he was very picky about pacifiers.  I must have tried 20 different ones before finding one that he would take.  Now he loves his Nuk binkies and has also transitioned to he sippy cups with teh soft spout|pos
....well, maybe that's a bit of an extreme statement, but that's how happy I am with these binkys! I looked around for weeks locally trying to find an all-natural, one-piece option. Someone recommended these on a forum, and we've been using them ever since.<br /><br />Some people are put off by their child pulling the binky out with their finger and the loop. It is a minor issue for us. Once she got a little older, the loop works for us - she can easily grab it and pop the binky back into her mouth.<br /><br />This is another standard shower gift I include for new moms. I hate to see a baby using anything else!|pos
Great and BPA free.  Also nice that they come in different patterns so it's easy to tell which one has been out longer and needs to go in the dishwasher.|pos
Unfortunately, i did not like this pacifier. It was just too big and heavy for my newborn newborn...and frankly just weird shaped, not 'ergonomic' for my baby's face. I recommend MAM pacifiers personnally.|neg
They came wrapped individual packages, like from the hospital. (Sanitized)  Maybe that is why they are more expensive then what you can find at the store... but all the stores were out of them. These pacifiers are a staple at our house, the only ones he will use. It is good to replace every 3 months too...|pos
My son loves it; and we are very concern in to keep a litle stock in home of Sasha pacifiers.......simply the best|pos
My kids love it;  we are collecting all models; if you are looking the best try to give it to your kids happiness and healthy products|pos
We have several of Avent's 'regular' pacifiers at home, which my daughter likes and uses on a regular basis.  When I purchased these, the glow-in-the-dark feature was not important to me, as I really didn't expect the glow to last for long (c'mon folks, it's glow-in-the-dark - the technology hasn't improved much since 1985...haha).  As other reviewers have noted, the glow really does not last too long after the lights go out.<br /><br />I'm sure most parents who use pacifiers for their babies would agree with me on this - we have pacifiers floating all over the house, but it seems whenever you want one, none can be found.  For this reason, I did like the nighttime pattern on the pacifiers; it helps my husband and I to remember that those are the 'bedtime binkies' and when we find them around the house, to put them back into her bed, so we *always* have a pacifier for bedtime.  Yes, the base of the pacifier is larger than Avent's 'regular' design, but I find that the larger base prevents the pacifiers from falling through the slats on my daughter's crib, which happens to the 'regular' design frequently.  Perfect if she wakes in the night; she can find her binkie and replace it herself - which she does.  I'm really pleased with these, as I have been with all Avent products I have purchased.|pos
My twins just turned two and absolutely love these pacifiers!  Be advised that around two, you may have to switch them from the greenish newborn soothie to the pink or blue harder soothies.  With two year molars coming in, the twins are starting to chew off the tops.  The newborn ones are also so flexible that your baby will eventually fit the whole thing in their mouth.  Still, I would recommend this pacifier to any parent.  My twins are obsessed with them.      A tip for parents who find their babies waking up at night due to lost binkies.  There's a snack tray holder that attaches to car seats (runs around $10).  It wouldn't work for my britex car seats, but it attaches easily to their toddler bed.  I put two extra binkies in there before bed and during the night, if my twins wake up and can't find their binky, they easily access them from the snack tray holder.  Now, I don't have to wake up at night.|pos
These are adorable and effective. It does a great job of keeping the binky in my son's mouth while he sleeps. He has even managed to get it in there himself a time or two. He also likes to play with it. I was so happy when I found this and even happier when it worked so well. Strangers have commented about how cute and great it is as well.|pos
It is so simple, but helpful in so many ways: 1) helps hold the pacifier in baby's mouth while they are sleeping - this is number one benefit in my opinion  2) it makes it easier for baby to grab and put the pacifier in by herself  3) If I'm holding my baby and she's got this in her mouth I can easily hold on to the lamb's back leg, so if baby stops sucking, lamb does not drop to the floor  4) in the event lamb does drop to floor, pacifier doesn't go bouncing all over the room like regular pacifier does  5) doubles as a lovie/attachment toy  The price seems like a lot for a pacifier, but IT IS WORTH IT -- definitely  My one complaint, as others here have mentioned, I wish the pacifier could be detached from the toy.|pos
Cutsie Wubbanub is very cute.  Very colorful and useful as well.  I gave this wubbanub as a shower gift.  It was well received.  Would recommend to anyone.  I also bought another wubbanub for the next baby in our family.|pos
We've been using these pacifiers since our daughter was about 6 weeks old.  We never switched to the super soothie (which is the 2 pack of pink ones you see in the drugstores) because my daughter never took to them.<br /><br />The pink/purple set is a fun change- I originally got them to try broaden my daughter's horizons a bit after my friend mentioned that her daughter was so obsessed with her green soothie that even at 2+ years old she is enamoured with anything that turquoise color!<br /><br />The downside is that now my daughter LOVES the purple one and insists on it by name (papo one!), so to have another onhand, I need to buy a whole new package!  You might be thinking that if one's child is old enough to demand the soothie by name and color she is probably too old to be using this thing?  I say I would think the same thing.  Don't do what I did- break your little one's addition in the 9-12 month timeframe, becuase if you leave it until 20 months (where we are now) it's probably become your child's 'lovey' by now and they are well addicted.  We'll tackle this issue soon, but til then, I need another purple soothie.|pos
The MAM Air is a great product for little ones who tend to get skin rashes from saliva.  The mouth piece allows the skin to dry easier than the other pacifiers.  We love it!|pos
My baby loves these pacifiers and kids get a kick out of watching him suck on it because they can see the inside of his mouth.|pos
Love these!! Best newborn paci's out there.  I love the shape and I really love the scented ones.  My daughter loved these when she was little and they were the perfect size for a newborn.|pos
Love these for newborns.  They are the perfect size and they have a better shape than the hospital provided soothie paci's.|pos
We had our third baby on 12/30/10 and the hospital gave us the gumdrop pacifier for our son. This pacifier is amazing my son absolutely loves and will not take any other type of pacifier now. I wish we would have known about these with my previous children. It does not fall out of his mouth easily and they are very reasonable priced. We came home with an orange once and since then have ordered the blue ones from the Hawii medical site.|pos
My daughter loves the MAM paci. We lost both binkys temporarily and had to use a back up but she didn't like it. We found the other binkys and we are back on. Going to order more of the binks today.|pos
This is awsome!  i really like the little dragon, baby likes it too, it stays in place for the most part as long as she doesn't grab it, but if she falls asleep, it stays right there in case she wakes up.|pos
This is the most awesome product EVER!! I highly recommend it! My son is tongue tied which means he can't stick out his tongue. All the other pacifiers would constantly pop out of his mouth. I would have to hold it in for him. With this, the little animal hold in his nu-nu. This is my 3rd child and all three have this condition which is not able to be surgically corrected until 4 months of age. I cannot thank whoever came up with this idea enough! Thank you, thank you, thank you!     Ps- It's next to impossible to lose!|pos
My 10 month old daughter was able to put the whole pacifier in her mouth and then couldn't get it back out. I feel fortunate that I was there when it happened.|neg
My daughter loves these pacifiers.  She won't use a regular one and we have several.  They are small enough for her to cuddle and I don't worry about the animal smothering her face.  It's safe for her to sleep with and easy for her to reach and keep in her mouth.  They wash easily and air dry in less than a day.|pos
Hands down THE ONLY pacifier that has worked! (We have 3 kids!) Don't try all the other brands first! Get this one! I love the contour compared to the big hospital soothies and it's soo cute! Should we decide to add to our family, this one will be the one we do. These would make great baby shower gift stuffers too!|pos
I've try over 7 different pacifier in the last few months and this is the only one my daughter takes.|pos
We received one of these pacifiers from the hospital and they are the only ones my baby will take! They are a little bigger than other pacifiers we bought to try but they are well made and hey, they make for a happy girl! Very satisfied with these pacis!|pos
My son loves this teether and chews it from all sides. It's easy to clean, doesn't have any places where water can get trapped, and can be run through the dishwater. I'd highly recommend this teether.|pos
My little ones LOVES these pacifiers.  She's tried more conventional ones, but these seem easier to keep in & more comfortable for her.  I will be buying many replacements of these!|pos
We have the tiger one and we love it.  Elephant is not attached to the pacifier at the correct angle, so you can't lay the elphant down with the pacifier in baby's mouth on the same angle.  Wish I got another tiger or a longer animal.  Won't end up using the elephant unfortunatelly, wasted our money.|neg
We loved the parent's choice Soothie Pacifier, but it was just too big for our baby's face. The nipple on this pacifier is shaped exactly the same, but it's just smaller and stays better in our baby's mouth since it contours to the face. We love this pacifier and are very happy we purchased it.|pos
We bought the giraffe Wubbanub for our newest addition, our 3rd baby girl. I cannot say enough great things about the Wubbanub. She loves it! It has become such a comfort for her and I can tell her and her giraffe will be great friends. She loves trying to grab and snuggle it and I love that I don't have to keep putting a pacifier back in her mouth all the time. Thank you Wubbanub for making a product that is great for every mom :)|pos
Thought that they were going to be like the ones that they give you at the hospital. These were not as soft or soothie at all like the ones they have at the hospital. My baby hates them.|neg
My daughter got the Soothie binky in the hospital and would only take that kind thereafter. The Soothie blocks their nose and it doesn't seem to stay in their mouth very well because it isn't contoured to their face. I found this Gumdrop one on Amazon and she switched over right away, no problems. I think it stays in better and makes breathing easier (or maybe it just makes me breathe easier not seeing her little nose blocked). It also has a hole for a binky holder, which is great. Another good point is that it is all one piece for safety, and I don't know how my daughter always falls asleep with the binky wedged between her face and the bed, but with the Gumdrop it's not uncomfortable because it doesn't have the hard plastic piece. The vanilla scent is nice but it does fade after washing a few times. It's not that big of a deal for me because I didn't buy it for the scent. :)|pos
I use these interchangeably with the Soothie. Only small difference is that baby gets these turned sideways when he sleeps and can't keep it in his mouth that way sometimes. So we use soothie in the crib (they are difficult to find a pacifier clip for anyway), and Gum drop around the house and for travel.|pos
These are just like the Soothie pacifiers babies get in the hospital but in pretty girlie colors! I thought they were way cuter than the big Green one they give you!|pos
My son loves these pacifiers, he wont use any other kind!  Im so happy Amazon is selling these.  Great price, Great value|pos
When our 1st kid was born we were given the Soothie vanilla scented pacifiers by the hospital and our daughter wouldn't take any other pacifier. So, with the twins on the way I decided to get more vanilla scented pacifiers, did some looking around and recognized that gumdrops were rated pretty highly, so I bought two 5 packs. As described in other reviews,  the material (one piece) and construction are flawless.     However, the scent only lasted for about a week.  This is the reason for the one star, don't see giving the product a higher rating if it only maintains its key attribute of scent for that short of a time.    I recommend purchasing the non-scented versions of the gumdrop brand.    (We still have a soothie from 4 years ago that still maintains its scent.) My next pacifier purchase.    Hope this helps.|neg
I was afraid the quality would be poor but it's a perfectly standard pacifier. I recommend it for fun and good spirits around you!|pos
Obviously, all babies are different with what shape of binkie they like, but these are pretty universal, as they are the same shape as a regular bottle nipple. My daughter is 9 months and still takes these at bedtime and naps. We tried the 3 months+ of these same binkies, and they are so thick and hard, she was not even interested on trying to suck it. They are easy to grab, so babies can put them back in their mouths by themselves once they get the hand-mouth coordination. They can be attached to a binkie holder that has a thin ribbon as the attachment point- just pull it through the hole and loop it over. They are inexpensive, so you can stock up on them and not feel bad if one gets lost.|pos
These are essential for your diaper bag. I am not comfortable with sticking a binkie off the floor in my baby's mouth (straight in, or wiping it off on my pants, or sticking it in my mouth first), so these are handy to be able to wipe it off. I use them for binkies, bottle nipples, and toys. I do wish they were a little more economical, but I wouldn't be without them!|pos
It took a lot of trial and error to find a pacifier that my daughter would take and she took the Soothies right away with no problems.  I just found these and ordered them from the company's website since they have the same nipple as the Soothies.  I LOVE them!  My daughter takes them with no problems and I love that they don't bump her nose with every suck.  And they look so much cuter!|pos
Love these! Before our daughter was done with her pacifier, these were a necessity for when we were out and her binky would drop on the floor. I also use them for toys and other items that inevitably end up on the floor, too. A must for parents of babies!|pos
NUK Genius pacifiers are great! We had trouble finding a pacifier that our son would take without a problem and we tried many different ones before finally getting this one. Our son loves it and we have been using them since he was a few weeks old (we are now on size 2). The pacifier is softer than the regular NUK and is shaped in a way that leaves more space for the tongue. It is also very light and has two slits on the sides to allow more air flow. Yes, it's true that the baby can fit the whole thing in his mouth (my son did it once when he was about 5 months old) but there is absolutely no way that he would be able to swallow it. Plus the slits on the sides would not allow him to suffocate either (the air or saliva can still flow freely). The baby can get a little scared if it got stuck in his mouth but that's about it. And by the way, many other pacifiers out there would fit in baby's mouth as well, so there is no reason to deem this one more dangerous than others.    This pacifier is worth every penny and I highly recommend it.|pos
These pacifiers are great.  My daughter was exclusively breastfed, and was not given a pacifier until she was about 2-3 months old.  while it did take some time for her to get used to the pacifier, this was the only one she would take.  Eventhough they say 0-3 months, she is now 6 months, and continues to use it.  She has had no nipple confusion, and eventhough I try to get her to take other pacifiers, she will only suck on these.  It is great because they really help her settle down for her naps, and doesn't need them at any other time during the day.|pos
My son loves this paci.  It is the only kind he will use.  We tried the Soothie brand but he had a hard time keeping it in his mouth.  It was like it was at the wrong angle in his mouth because of the circular shape and it resting against his nose.  I discovered these and thought I'd give them a try.  They worked like a charm.  He has never had an issue keeping these in his mouth because there is nothing pushing against his nose when he sucks, and because of the contoured shape.    Now I will say that it would be nice if the entire pacifier was solid silicone like the Soothise pacifier is.  I had 2 of the Gum Drop pacifiers begin to peel away along the inside where the internal hard plastic form is.  I contacted the seller who directed me to the Manufacturer.  They were more than appologetic and sent replacements and also a return envelope for the damaged pacifiers.  They seemed genuinely shocked that this had happened to 2 of my pacifiers.  Despite this issue with a few of the GumDrop pacifiers, I still think they are an excellent product.  When you manufacture thousands, if not millions, of pacifiers there is bound to be a few defective ones that slip past quality control.  I do not think that should negate the fact that this is an awesome product.|pos
We tried 4 or 5 different pacifiers (something I recommend), and this shape was the one our baby preferred. It's a bit pricier than other pacifiers, and our baby seems to like the NUK classic as well, so that is another option.    It's a bit tricky to clean and dry, as it gets water into the tip.|pos
My baby used this kind since the hospital sent it home with us.  They began cracking at 7mo. so I got more.  He loves them!!|pos
This thing is a lifesaver. My son can find his pacifier anytime he wants cause when i put the plush toy on his chest, the pacifier is always within his reach. We can all sleep sound.|pos
These are the same pacifiers my son was given at the hospital and i love them. They are better than the ones they sell at babies r us or the baby stores because these have the shape of the mouth and it doesn't look like its taking over his mouth (compared to the one that is a full cirlce). He won't take any other pacifier. They are great!|pos
This is the only binky my kiddo will use. We are stationed in Japan, and they are not always available at the PX, so I order a ton. I think it got here in 5 days, which is GREAT considering Im all the way across the world! :P|pos
I thought these were relatively expensive for a pacifier but I heard good things from other moms so I decided to buy one. My son loves these! They are softer and almost flatter then the regular nuks. They do get water trapped in it if you boil it but it just takes a squeeze to get out. I reccomend|pos
I was glad it came with the soothie pacifier since it's the only kind my 4 month old son likes to use. It's also very cute to see him hug his lion as he falls asleep. I highly recommend this product.|pos
Really nice little bear.  My 8-month old loves it.  Super soft and definitely well made.  The strap for the binky is pretty tight and I haven't actually switched the binky out yet but it's just a great little product (my little one actually seems to like the one it came with which surprised me).  Even nicer than the picture looks.|pos
Purchased for my granddaughter and she loved it. Easy to find. Also bought her the caterpillar and little doll. Hospital recommended. They last a long time as well.|pos
The hospital gave us one of these when my son started crying just as we were taking him home the first day.  We then tried some orthodontic pacifiers and the Gumdrop.  But with those, he did not like the conforming face shield (so much that within the first week he would shield his face using his hands).  So the round Soothie shield (even if it looks ugly) was the only thing he would take.    The only issue I have is the fact that our pacifier tethers don't work with it.  But I'll chalk that up as a learning expense.|pos
I breastfed my daughter exclusively for the first 6 months. We introduced this pacifier at 2 months and she loved it right away. It was the only style that she would use. She is now 7 months and no longer takes a pacifier, but she still likes to chew on these. So they make great teethers as well!|pos
This is the only pacifier my 3 month-old can keep in her mouth for longer than a few seconds. It's curved shape fits around her mouth perfectly, and it's a lot lighter than other pacifiers. Good product.|pos
this item arrived within the given timeframe with a little excitment that i didn&uacute;vt anticipate. although it wasn't anything valuable but definitely added value and left a good impression.<br /><br />i would recommend to friends.|pos
I bought these for a friend and she told me that her son preferred these over all of the others she received for her baby shower.|pos
My granddaughter loves her 'Ellie'.  She also has a lamb 'Lucy' and her green frog 'Fred'.  Very comforting for her and us!|pos
Our little guy, now 7 months, LOVES his wubbies. He has 3: the giraffe, the monkey, and the puppy, but this is his favorite. We put them in his crib at night and if he wakes up crying, he finds one, puts it in his mouth, and goes back to sleep about 90% of the time completely on his own. He's been able to put them in his own mouth for a couple months now. In the morning, he wakes up and collects all three together and plays with them for about an hour which lets us sleep in, another huge plus :). If he's tired or fussy, his wubs soothe him right away. Because of the little animal attached, he doesn't lose or drop it very easily at all, and it gives him something to hold on to which is very comforting for him. He also loves it for teething now. I am very confident that learning to pick these up on his own and put them in his mouth has really increased his manual dexterity. They wash really easily in the washing machine and you don't even have to stick them in the dryer because they dry so fast. The only downside is if you have pets the hair may stick to the pacifier part, but we don't have this problem. Did I mention we get TONS of compliments on how cute they are? You really can't go wrong with these little guys!!! They are probably my favorite of all our baby items :).|pos
I bought this for my son, now 15 months, when he was about 7 months old. He learned to put in his pacifier by himself. Now that he's older, he holds it by the giraffe and pops it in his mouth. What's nice is that when he's finally weaned from the pacifier, he can still play with the giraffe. He owns this one and a monkey and he loves loves loves them both!! He can recognize it from across the room and run towards it. People find it hilarious when they see h|pos
Orderd my Serta Baby Sheep from Pack_rats and I love it. I would definately order from them again. excellent service quick turnaround and sheep is adorable|pos
I bought these for my daughter, prior to my granddaughter's arrival.  My daughter said she'd already purchased a NUK pacifier and they were supposed to be good.    After my granddaughter arrived, she refused to take the NUK.  My daughter forgot she had these but Daddy reminded her. She tried them and the baby loves it.  It's the only one she takes.     They also come individually wrapped and are already sterilized.  A plus.    Also, as others have said, it's nice because you can put your finger into the pacifier to help the baby get started or just to feel their little mouth.  You can also see through the pacifier too and watch them.    Definitely recommend them.  My daughter doesn't think Grandma's research of everything is so crazy now.|pos
I bought this right after I started baby sitting my granddaughter at six weeks old. She's 8 months old now, and this has turned out to be the best thing I've gotten her. As it turns out it's a real wrist saver. When I'm holding and feeding her I prop her wubbanub (we call it Wubby)under the bottle and I just barely balance with my hand. She will hold on to a leg or tail and when I take the bottle away she still has Wubby while she's snoozing plus a toy/pacifer when she's awake. Well worth the money.|pos
I keep giving this to my friends as a shower gift.  Thet all RAVE about it because it hooks to anything.  The dad's like it to because they can carry a clean pacifier without having to have a big bag with it in it.  Fits a wide variety of pacifiers and keeps a clean pacifier handy without  having to dig for it when it's needed.|pos
I can't say enough about these...we had about 6 for the whole time he was using them..no more lost pacifiers and he could easily put it back in himself at a very young age.  Also by a few weeks old he would be petting them as he went to sleep. I had to return to work at 5 weeks and by 3mos he was sleeping 12 hours through the night with the help of this pacifier.  After the first couple of weeks searching for the pacifier in the dark (he was in my bed in a sleeper thingamajig for week 5-10) I found these!! I worried he would have too much of an attachment to the stuffed animal but he was off this and the bottle by 18 months.  Also, the pacifier is the one they use in the hospital so you don't have to worry about switching.  I washed it in the dishwasher and air dried and also just washed the pacifier part often.  we did lose a few at others houses and had to replace 1 or 2 when they were worn but for the extra sleep those first couple of months, it was well worth the $$$.|pos
My son wouldn't accept any other pacifier and I couldn't find them in another other store. I had to stock up!! LOVE THESE!!|pos
My baby definitely prefers the Avent pacifiers.  We like these because they are so much easier to find at night in a dark room.  I just wish the glow lasted a bit longer.|pos
I love this Wubbanub. I would love to have all the different ones. It's the best thing for a baby. Mom's will love you for this gift. Always good to have several around.[[ASIN:B0028IDXDS Wubbanub Infant Plush Toy Pacifier - Monkey]]|pos
they don't get spit/water trapped inside like the traditional pacifier.   so they don't get moldy and they last longer. you can put them in the mouth at any angle - great for when it's dark.|pos
I love these binkies. We were given one for our daughter in the hospital, and its the only binkie she'll use. We've tried other ones but she spits them out. She loves these, so we had to stock up!|pos
A friend bought these for me for my newborn baby girl and she loves them. They are very light-weight, which is a must for newborns. These were my daughter's first pacifiers and I tried another brand just recently and even though they were marked for 0-6 months, they were too heavy for her to hold in her mouth (she's 4 weeks old), so back to MAM!|pos
This was the pacifier that was given to our daughter, while in the hospital. We tried pther pacifiers, but she just did not like them, so we just had to buy some. We love the cut out for her little nose and how durable they are! Love this product!|pos
I love Wabbanub!  Soothie pacifiers are, in my opinion, the best.  The animal holds the pacifier in just the right place.  It also keeps it from falling on the ground all of the time, or rolling away and getting lost.  My little boy has had his for almost a year now.  He sucks it while crawling around and rubs the ears with his fingers when he's getting sleepy.  Now I give one to everyone I know of who is having a baby.  This product is so great, I'm sort-of surprised they aren't more widely available!|pos
I started my baby out with a Nuk and she has never really cared for it. She spits it out like it it's a strange, yukky foreign object! Her older brother, on the other hand, used to like the Nuk just fine which is why I started her out with it. After reading a review elsewhere from a delivery nurse that never saw a baby that didn't like the Soothie, I decided to give it a try. My baby loves it and I'm really glad I gave it a try.|pos
It is so cutie,just the right size for my new grandbaby to hold on to.|pos
We were given this pacifier by a friend who received a box of them when her child was in the NICU. It is the BEST for nursing babies!! I wanted my son to be able to self-soothe without using his thumb or fingers, but was determined to nurse without supplementing. After a week of using the gumdrop and seeing no changes in my son's nursing, we ordered our own box of 10. We were soooo pleased- they are hospital grade and come individually wrapped and sterilized. I am a germaphobe and LOVE that I could just pop open the package and have a fresh, clean pacifier. They are also so light that they never disturbed him at night, so there was NO getting up to give him his pacifier- he just slept on. My son nursed like a champ for a year and we switched to a Nuk when he outgrew the gumdrop. The day he turned 2, he handed me his paci and said No paci, Mommy...and that was it. We will DEFINITELY use the gumdrop again for the next baby, and Gumdrops make great baby gifts!|pos
My son loves his pacifier and this has been a huge help at night when he was 5 weeks old. Now he is almost 3 months old and he loves to hold on to the legs. I would highly recommend these!|pos
I love this, even though my baby quit using pacifiers, he still hugs his Wubbanub to sleep. I can easily hand wash/hang dry the kitten. it has proven to be very durable. the pacifier is well stitched to the stuffy. I am very pleased with this product.|pos
Our 2 month old loves her wubbanubs! I would highly recommend for any baby who uses a soothie pacifier. Easy to wash- right in the washing machine!|pos
My son absolutely loves these pacifiers! He was given one in the hospital and wont take any other pacifier! I wish they were sold in stores like walmart so I could buy them instead of ordering them online but definitely worth the money.|pos
this is the same kind the NICU used for my preemie. he hated all the other ones, and it's kinda cool you can see his gums through the hole. my newborn isn't all about the pacifier, but when he needs it, he'll hang onto it. so glad i don't have to go looking all around town to find these.|pos
My son never used these...since he is a boy and the ones I received were pink...so I can't attest to whether he liked them or not.      Maybe it's just me, but colors may vary just doesn't fly with baby stuff unless all the colors are neutral.|neg
When I was prego I bought EVERY kind of ortho pacifiers for my soon to be baby boy. Little did I know that the hospital would stick a binkie in my baby's mouth as soon as he came out to the world.<br /><br />At first (my son's a preemie) they had to cut a portion of the paci so it didn't block his airway - this thing was almost 1/2 the size of his head. I tried switching him to other pacis, useless, either he couldn't grip it, or he'd spit it out.<br /><br />We didn't have any problems (like other parents) with him latching to the paci, only to breastfeed - but if you do have problems - try tickling/stroking their chin/jawline. It made my kiddo open up to feed, but with this paci, i think he could smell it a mile away.<br /><br />I can TOTALLY see why he'd like this, the nipple is shaped like a real nipple. It's easy for them to use and get full suction/grip on it.<br /><br />It comes in a variety of colors, but for some reason, the blue ones were way harder/thicker than the green ones. My son won't use any of them other than the green ones. There's also a paci holder - it's really cute, it turns the paci into a smiley face and it snaps on to a penguin or a flower. Super adorable.<br /><br />What I Don't like:<br />After we left the hospital - (we only snagged 3 of these pacis) - they were hard to find. Every chain/grocery store were sold out, and what we did find, we bought all of. As soon as we lost one or couldn't give one to my son when he needed it, the world literally would end. This was a peace offering to calm a very tyrannical baby. So i'm glad that Amazon carries it. We no longer have to keep track of pacis like our car keys and wallet. PHEW!<br /><br />Soothie also makes bottles. If your baby has a hard time drinking out of them (or just wouldn't latch (like my son did - avent, maam, medela, gerber, nuk) then get their bottles. Same nipple shape and comes in 2 different sizes.<br /><br />TEETH:<br />My son is almost 2 now and I was scared that because these were ortho pacis, that he'd have buck teeth or just out of line. I'm wrong. Kid has straight teeth. He still uses his paci in the morning and to fall asleep.f line. I'm wrong. Kid has straight teeth. He still uses his paci in the morning and to fall asleep.|pos
My son loves to teeth with this Wub and also likes to snuggle and play with the stuffed animal part.  A great, great buy and we have three different Wubs!|pos
This is great for keeping the paci from popping out of an infant's mouth and onto the floor - it just stays right there and baby quickly learns to find it again when they want it.<br />The paci will no longer bounce across the floor and hide under furniture!<br />(I just wish my son took a paci for more than a few weeks!)<br />GREAT shower gift!!!<br /><br />Oh, and to clean it, I just held the paci part under hot water, washed it with soap, rinsed well, and pop it back in his mouth.  When the cuddly-part got dirty, I hand-washed in the sink & air-dry overnight.  (good reason to have 2!!)|pos
It's the only one my daughter will take since it moves in and out like a women's breast when nursing!! Highly recommended product!!!|pos
I love these wubbanub pacifier holders for my twins. We swaddle them when they are sleeping, put the pacifier in their mouths, and plop the wubbanub on their chest so when they spit out the pacifier, it doesn't go far and it's still there if they decide they want to suck on it again. The best part is that they come with Soothie pacifiers, which are perfect for a newborn's small mouth. Once we stopped swaddling them, the fuzzy animal attachment is the perfect size for their little hands to play with.|pos
My 2 month old has been using these since day 4 when we needed extra help consoling her.  Unfortunately she loves it so much that it is difficult to have her nap without it, although she will go back to sleep after a night feed without it.  They do fall out easily so there are many trips back to her crib to reinsert the gumdrop but that is the sacrafice I make for getting her to sleep in the first place.  She doesn't wake up once she's in a deep enough sleep when it falls out.  I really like how it is shaped around her nose, giving her more space to breathe.|pos
bought these for my daughter because they were not only adorable but they are GREAT at night because they usually stayed on her chest when the paci fell out.  Even if it fell to the side of her, they are so easy to find in the middle of the night when you're half asleep!!!  also thought they would be great for her to hold onto when she gets a little older|pos
Cute pacifier...everytime Xander wears this, everyone does a double take!  They always ask where I got this.  This is not only cute, but well made & is surprisingly my 9-month old's favorite pacifier!|pos
Our two-year-old loves this design but it is very hard to find.  Thanks to Amazon she's happy again!|pos
I have the lamb Wubbanub for my daughter and I bought this caterpillar as a shower gift for a friend. The shipping was very quick, maybe 2 days? The package was new, and it all looked clean and neat. She really liked it!  As for the product itself, I think Wubbies are really great pacifiers for different reasons. The toy serves the purpose as something to give the baby to do. My daughter likes to chew on her some and then she'll put the paci back in her mouth. Using the wubbie, she learned just how to put it back in her mouth, which is very nice. It's also hard to lose a wubbie! I hate searching underneath the crib, or in between a blanket or under a carseat for a single pacifier. They clean easily, just wash in the gentle cycle and air dry. They also get lots of compliments.|pos
I splurged on this item for my daughter two years ago, but she used it maybe 6 or 8 times, as she never took a pacifier.  I love Haba products in general and have always found them to be of really high quality.  My son is now 9 mos old and we've used this pacifier tether maybe 3 or 4 dozen times.  I have never seen him chewing on the beads or string, just the soothie teething pacifier attached to the end of it.  The other day, while it was attached to his onesie and he was tugging on it, the string gave way, sending beads flying all over the room.  He of course put some in his mouth immediately.  It looks like a knot hidden within the beadwork came undone, but I'm not sure.  I am grateful I was there and he was not hurt.  I notified Haba and the CPSC of the potential choking hazard.  Haba responded quickly and professionally by email and phone, including a request that the pieces be sent to them for further investigation.  The CPSC called me in response to my online report and told me that because of prior complaints, they have an ongoing investigation into these pacifier chains, and they are sending someone out to interview me and take photos of the pieces before they are sent back to the manufacturer.  It is a really nice wooden alternative to some of the other paci tethers out there, but until they figure out whatever the problem is, and if it can be fixed, I can not recommend it to anyone.|neg
Wubbanubs have been wonderful for my little one.  He loves them and his Soothies, so I had no problem with the Soothie being attached.  And even though he's still a little young to fully grasp them, they're big enough for him to hug easily and hold on to them that way.  It's been great not to have to worry as much about pacis falling on the floor.  This one is really cute and one of our favorites.  I guess if I had a complaint, I'd ask to have more beans or filling in them to make them a tab bit heavier.|pos
Wubbanubs have been wonderful for my little one.  He loves them and his Soothies, so I had no problem with the Soothie being attached.  And even though he's still a little young to fully grasp them, they're big enough for him to hug easily and hold on to them that way.  It's been great not to have to worry about pacis falling on the floor.  This one is one of his favorites, probably because the head is bigger for him to maneuver and it has the soft mane in a different fabric that he can also touch.|pos
Wubbanubs have been wonderful for my little one.  He loves them and his Soothies, so I had no problem with the Soothie being attached.  And even though he's still a little young to fully grasp them, they're big enough for him to hug easily and hold on to them that way.  It's been great not to have to worry about pacis falling on the floor.  This one is probably the skinniest of the ones that he has, so it's easy to stuff into places.|pos
Wubbanubs have been wonderful for my little one.  He loves them and his Soothies, so I had no problem with the Soothie being attached.  And even though he's still a little young to fully grasp them, they're big enough for him to hug easily and hold on to them that way.  It's been great not to have to worry about pacis falling on the floor.  This one is great for little girls and boys, so I like to give them away as gifts.  I guess if I had a complaint, I'd ask to have more beans or filling in them to make them a tab bit heavier.|pos
These are super cute & my son loves it! I was super anti-pacifier when my son was born, but after he kept giving himself hickies on his arms from sucking so hard, I changed my mind. He took to this right away at about 7 weeks old and now at 13 weeks he holds it and pushes it in his mouth himself-too cute! If your baby like soothies (the ones most hospitals use) then I highly recommend you get this! We had no issues with nipple confusion & he still nurses like a champ.|pos
These are super cute & my son loves it! I was super anti-pacifier when my son was born, but after he kept giving himself hickies on his arms from sucking so hard, I changed my mind. He took to this right away at about 7 weeks old and now at 13 weeks he holds it and pushes it in his mouth himself-too cute! If your baby like soothies (the ones most hospitals use) then I highly recommend you get this! We had no issues with nipple confusion & he still nurses like a champ.|pos
I love this pacifier...and so does my infant!  I received the catepillar one as a gift and absolutely needed another one in my life because it's so great.  Babies are not adept at holding a pacifier by themselves, so this makes it so much easier as the textured fabric, when set against babies clothes/blanket/side of crib allows it stay put. Keeps baby happy and mom too as I don't have to constantly be putting it back in her mouth.|pos
good idea put poorly made. The medicine leaks out and the pacifier part is very hard. My daughter rejected it immediately!  Went with another brand.|neg
i received this item less than 24 hours after ordering it.  unbelievably fast service.  and the pacifier is adorable.  my daughter loves to grab the caterpillar and hold it up close to her face.  she isn't good at getting the pacifier back in her mouth but she just turned 3 months.|pos
Probably the most expensive pacifier I've bought but worth it. It definitely helps the pacifier from flying out of my baby's mouth. He can also hold on to it too while it's in his mouth. I get a lot of compliments That is so cute. Where did you get that?. I wonder if having the cute animal attached to the pacifier will make it harder for my baby to give up the pacifier later? I guess we'll cross that bridge when we come to it.|pos
This product is softer than what you can buy at our local stores. Good product. Very pleased.|pos
Oh yeah, these are a winner.    We just run them thru the dishwasher every now and then   on the sanitizing cycle.  Works like a charm.|pos
5 stars for this pacifier!<br /><br />My little one cannot fall asleep without it.<br />She's not a big pacifier user [only right before bed to fall asleep] but she will NOT use any other pacifier.|pos
My granddaughter was in the NICU unit for 11 days.The pacifier that is connected to the caterpillar is the kind they used.When she came home, she would not use any pacifier my son and his wife offered her. Then in church, they saw a baby with a wubbanub and how happy the baby was. We searched and found the cutsie caterpillar at a store, but it was the only one. Anyway, when they put this pacifier in her mouth, she was so content and she actually held it to her mouth by the caterpillar.It was such a blessing. with the cutsie caterpillar attached, it stays in the mouth easier and when you need to set it aside, it keeps it from landing on the pacifier.It is a wonderful product.Thank you!!|pos
Nice to have as now I can keep my binkies in one place but this isn't realy necessary. Still, it's nice to have one and the strap has a snap on one end so you can attach it to your diaper bag.|pos
These are wonderful to have around not only to clean the pacifier but also to clean my 5 month old's hands when we are out and about. She is constantly putting her hands in her mouth so I love having a something on hand that I know is safe for her.|pos
We've gone through our share of wubbanubs but I just had to take the time to comment on the velour textures of the Mango Monkey Mary Meyer wubbanub!!! Definitely worth the price for this one!!|pos
I had the giraffe on my registry and received it as a gift... I'm so glad I did because my son loves these Wubbanubs. He won't take the other pacifiers I tried. It is just a Soothie, sure... But my son loves hugging the giraffe and the bear and it definitely makes my life a tiny bit easier because these do not fall to the ground every time it falls out of his mouth. They're adorable too. I only wish there was a way to throw the plush part into the washer and dryer. I don't mind hand-washing but air drying takes too long! That's why I had to order the bear so he'd have a spare. Would definitely buy again.|pos
This product deserves zero stars.  Any liquid medicine flows quickly from the pacifier tip, causing baby to choke from the rapid influx of liquid.  The pacifier is also hard rubber (hard like an eraser or the sole of a shoe) that the baby can't even chew on like a normal pacifier.  We were terrified when my baby began to choke the instant we put it in her mouth.  We watched her for several scary minutes as she coughed and gasped for air.  I thought that we would have to take her to the emergency room, but thankfully, I am a RN and was able to whack her back and hold her in a downward position in order to help clear the liquid from her airway.  We immediately tossed this piece of junk where it belongs: in the garbage.  It's shameful that they call it Hospital Choice when no hospital in their right mind (or with the right malpractice insurance) would expose infants to such an inherent risk of aspirating medicine directly into their lungs!|neg
The product is really neat, I saw it in an article and bought it for my child that is not born yet.  I think it will be a nice item for the baby if the baby takes a pacifier.|pos
This sheep with pacifier is now part of a small flock that graces the headboard of my bed.    I enjoy them very much.|pos
I love this thing!  My 9wk old son rolls to his side to sleep, and the wubbanub stays tucked in his arms - he can get the paci back in his mouth by himself, saving me many trips into his room:)|pos
We bought every binky known to man for my daughter, and she was not having ANY of them. I could tell she wanted one, but just couldn't find the right way to suck on any. By the grace of god, we found one our first daughters binkys mixed it with her baby clothes. She took right to it. We were so happy. It was the gerber soft center pacifier in the big round bulb shape. I looked for 5 months EVERYWHERE for the same binky. No luck. I even called gerber, and the lady lied to me saying they never sold a bigger version of this kind of binky. She said it must have swollen to that size. Please. I have read quite a few blogs about other moms trying to find the same bigger version. Makes me wonder what they are hidding....I was so frustrated and ready to give up. Finaly I came across this site and it looked very similar to hers. After I read 2 reviews saying the same thing about the gerber binkys, I thought it was worth a try. As soon as I gave it to her, she loved it!! YEA!!! I also love the fact that it is one piece and natural. I have read about another mommy who has this for her kids and she says you most certianly can go longer then 4-6 weeks to replace.|pos
Some folks complained about how small the 2nd bag is.  I ordered two of these at $5.99 per set.  That means I paid $11.98 for two large bags plus 2 pacifier bags, which IMO is a better deal than the $10.99 large bag 2-pack.  I wanted a way to hold pacifiers, and at $3-$8 each, I thought pacifier cases were the biggest ripoff.  This set is so worth it.  The blue and the green neutral prints are really cute!  I'm buying more of these sets for my pregnant sister and cousin. :)|pos
I searched everywhere locally for a one-piece, non-latex, and BPA-free binky. I finally decided to look online, and ordered these for my daughter. I love them! My daughter doesn't naturally take to any pacifier, so we had to encourage them for a few days. Now she loves them too. I buy them as gifts and recommend them to everyone I know.|pos
I introduced this to my son at three weeks. He wouldn't take a larger pacifier, but this is small enough to fit well in his mouth, and light enough that it won't fall out unless he pushes it out. Water does get in it when you clean it, but it takes half a second to squeeze it out. We got one as a shower gift, I've ordered two more, and I'm thinking of getting more.|pos
My daughter started teething at 3 months and we had great difficulty finding a teether that she liked. After trying the ring and the hand, we fell upon the teething blanket. BEST EVER! It's soft and fuzzy and silky/satiny with 2 chewy corners. She loves grabbing the blankie and chewing on the ends. IT ROCKS!!|pos
I'm not sure who loves this Wubby the best...me or my baby daughter.  The weight of the kitty cat helps keep the pacifier from falling out, which allows me some interruption-free sleep at night.    Now that she is a little older (almost 4 months), she likes to play with it, and strokes her hands over it while she is sucking the pacifier.  When it does fall out of her mouth, she tries to put it back in, although at this point she usually ends up sucking on a leg or tail instead.  :)  This little guy might seem a tad expensive for what it is, but I would buy another one in a heartbeat if this one got lost.    The kitty cat is very well sewn.  My baby tugs and pulls at the legs, and the stitching is holding up perfectly.  I'm not sure exactly how the Soothie pacifier is attached, but it is still attached after about 3 months of use.  I've also tossed it in the washing machine a couple of times (in a mesh bag) and drip dried it.|pos
Thanks God I try first one not on pacifier. Smell which appears was so terrible and strong that I have to open the window and wipe the surface with alcohol pads several times to kill it! I put all the rest wipes to the garbage immediately!|neg
After trying every brand out there, we are a committed MAM family.  I love them because she loves them, but even more, she uses the outside when teething.  I love a product that serves more than one purpose!|pos
My baby has had the Brown Bear Wubbanub from the very beginning. It is too cute. It was so easy for him to handle when he was smaller, and we never had to worry about him losing it. He is 17 months old now and does not use the soothie anymore, but he still has to hold the Wubbanub in his hand before he can go to sleep.|pos
My son has loved his Soothies since the day he was born but always had trouble keeping them in his mouth; dropping them and such.  I bought a Soothie Pacifier holder (the honey pot one) but that item failed us.  Soon after I ordered this Wubbanub (my son's first nick name was 'Monkey') at 3 months and even at 6 months old, he LOVES it and uses it as 'security blanket', if you will.  He plays with it and it's very easy for him to hold on to and put in his mouth on his own.  He also gets TONS of compliments on it! It's good to the both of us.  I definitely suggest this product to all mamas!<br /><br />EDIT: My son is now nearly 2 years old. We weened him off this pacifier (THE ONLY ONE HE WOULD USE) at about 12 months by cutting the Soothie out of the Monkey mouth and sewing the mouth shut. He was so over his paci after only 2 nights and now, he and the monkey are inseparable at bed time.|pos
My son loves his Wubbanubs - he has five different ones, the monkey being the first one we got for him. He loves these so much and I love the fact that it is very hard to lose them unlike his regular pacifiers which are always rolling under the furniture or are just hard to see among his toys.    When he was a small infant, these were the only pacifiers he could keep in his mouth, because he could hold the stuffed animal part. That was a lifesaver for me because I didn't have to constantly give him back his pacifier when he woke up. Now that he is older, he doesn't need the stuffed animal part to help keep it in his mouth, but he loves the various animals he has. We are slowly trying to wean him off his pacifiers, but it is hard to refuse him his wubbas (as we call them) because he absolutely beams when he sees them.    The wubbanubs are very easy to clean and they have been very durable. I highly recommend Wubbanubs!|pos
Our son was born in April of 2010 and LOVEs these binkies (what we call them)...he won't take any other brand, trust me I tried.  The others just seem to gag him.  I breastfeed him and we don't have any issues with nipple confusion and never had a nursing strike.  He does take bottles of breastmilk but only from time to time.  These are the binkies the hospitals hand out when you give birth and I love them.  DS#1 never took a binkie so we weren't sure what to use for our new son but these have been a godsend in the car and for times when he just wants to be cuddled but not eat.|pos
This is the only pacifier my daughter will use.  I specifically like that they are an orthodontic nipple and BPA free.  Size 3 are so hard to find in the local stores plus it's cheaper here on Amazon.|pos
Our twin boys have only ever used Mam pacifiers.  They LOVE them!  Now that they are 6 months old and teething, I needed to buy the next size.  Well...I received the pink ladybug set!  There really needs to be a gender selection available.|pos
I love this product. My child could not get by without this. This perfect for breast feeding mothers. It also allows you to see anything inside your babies mouth.|pos
My child only uses Soothie pacifiers, and I found the wubbanubs...and my baby loves it.  I recommend wubbanubs to all babies.  They usually stay in place, better than the pacifiers itself.|pos
We received the yellow duck wubbanub as a shower gift and I never even took it out of the box. After trying different pacifiers that left marks on Josiah's face, I figured I'd try the wubbanub, because it was the same pacifier they used in the hospital.<br />Josiah is 8 weeks old and he LOVES this paci! He uses it at naptime and bedtime, and loves to hold the little plushie duck as he goes to sleep, and the very lightly weighted head and feet of the duck helps hold the paci in place.<br />I posted pics of Josiah with his yellow duck, so you can see how easy it is for even a new baby to hold.<br />After receiving the duck as a gift, I then purchased the red dog and green frog.  I plan on buying these for future shower gifts!|pos
I bought this for my grandson and he does not like any of his other pacifiers now.  It is great because it doesn't fall on the floor as rapidly as other ones and he can hold onto it like a favorite stuffed animal!  Saw it on the Today show and had to have one! Soo cute too.|pos
These are the best pacifiers! They don't stick to the baby's mouth and have a natural movement for breastfed babies!|pos
Shipping was fast. Haven't used them yet but I've heard they are what the hospital gives out and are fantastic.|pos
With the wubbanub we never lost the pacifier again.  It is cute, durable, extremely light weight and we received loads of compliments.  Would have been great and cute to have had multiple wubbanubs stashed around the house and diaper bag!|pos
She loves these, only type that she can suck on being so little and all, they are so great to have that I bought more for her! I recommend these for anyone, especially if you have a preemie baby!|pos
avent pacifiers are great, last long enough and even though my child is 11 months he still uses 0-3 months size, as recommended by my pediatrician. They glow in the dark, only the handle, and are easier to spot in the crib at night|pos
When my daughter was born these were the only pacifiers they used at the hospital and consequently the only ones she will use. They are wonderful and she loves using them.|pos
After reading a previous post I bought the holder thinking it would only carry 1 pacifier.  I was very pleased to see it fits 2! (see costumer images) I am using newborn size and I have no clue how much bigger the shields are on size 2 and 3, so I can not say with certainty that they will fit.  However, after shaking it around, the pacifiers had room to change positions, so I hope that means anything a bit bigger will also fit.      It is very cute and seems sturdy. I first hit it against my hand, then tried it against the table and desk top. All 3 times the container has stayed shut. It gives me more confidence that I can hook it on my diaper bag or purse with it surviving the day intact (and more importantly, that I did not loose a pacifier!)|pos
Cute and practical! I'm able to fit two GumDrop pacifiers in this pouch and slip it into my diaper bag or purse, it's very handy.  I love that it's anti-microbial and reusable, my snack-sized Ziploc bag pacifier storage days are over, and I have even more peace of mind about cleanliness. I haven't had a problem with the pocket detaching or falling off of my bag, I use a Skip Hop diaper bag with two interior key hooks, and I attach the pacifier pocket to one of those. So there is never a problem with detachment or locating the pocket, from personal experience.  I can also maneuver the zipper with one hand, which is always nice when you have an infant in your arms.|pos
My firstborn rejected pacifiers (we started him on Nuks) and I really wanted our new baby to have a way to self-soothe in the event that I can't nurse him at a moment's notice.  I saw some great reviews for GumDrop pacifiers and decided to try the scented version.  Our week-old infant has taken to the GumDrops since day one, without nipple confusion or any other adverse effects.  They seem to comfort him immediately when I can't nurse him right away, and are the right size for his little newborn mouth.  Definitely gives me a few moments of peace knowing that he's comforted in someone else's arms while I prepare to feed him, and I appreciate the fact that they are hospital grade.|pos
We started with the Soothie  pacifiers as that is what most people we know have used but our son just didn't like them much and had a hard time keeping it in his mouth. Then we discovered that we had some of the Nuk classics in the basket on the top of a diaper cake that a friend had made, so we cleaned and tried that and he LOVED it! While out of town we wanted an additional pacifier and I picked up one of these Genius pacifiers. At first I thought that the plastic was cheap because it felt so light, but THEN I realized that the lightness factor made it even easier for him to keep this paci in his mouth (gravity was less likely to pull it out). Since it falls out less often, he gets upset when it dissapears less often. And I have never gotten moisture in the nipple, not during washing or in the steam sterilizer. Great pacifier!|pos
We have a preemie and this toy:  a) came with a GREAT pacifier. Its the Soothie hospitals use and her small mouth can latch on and STAY ON  b) is smaller than we thought it would be but it is still very graspable.   c) we've only had this for a day and she's already learned how to grab it and place it back in her mouth.      This is a must have for preemies and newborns.|pos
People keep complaining that these pacifiers lose their glow but all you have to do to re-charge it is set it by a source of light (light bulb, night light, etc) for a while and then it will glow again good as new. Love these pacifiers and the glow in the dark feature is genius.|pos
I think this pacifier pod is perfect.  It holds two pacifiers and I had no issues with them being squished.  I love that it attaches to the handle of my diaper bag for easy access.  The inside of the pod is plastic, so it's totally water-proof.  It also is a great way to keep your paci's clean while you store them.  I also love the cute designs.  I definitely recommend this product.|pos
great, but not the exact one you get at the hospital :(, the hospital ones are smaller, softer, and have a space cut out for the upper lip to make it comfier.|pos
My little guy LOVES this pacifier.  He's just learning to suck and gets frustrated when his paci falls out and this helps him keep it in! Great product!|pos
My daughter LOVES her wubba-nub!  This is the best purchase, and totally worth every penny!|pos
Arrived with a broken zipper, thank you very much, which is not something that could have happened during shipping. That means it was sent out even though it obviously defective.|neg
wubbanubs are great.I have twins who love them. For some reason this kitten one is about half the price of all the others. I'm not  a huge cat fan, but I'm glad I found these cheaper wubbanubs. I was skeptical bc they are so much cheaper than the dog and frog that I purchased last time, but they are exactly the same.|pos
These are the perfect fit when other calming methods have failed. They are simple and effective. My husband and I got a kick out of them because the nipples are hollow, so you can see into your baby's mouth while they are sucking :-)|pos
This is a cute little gift that can be used as a gift or a accessory to  wrapping a gift.  Adorable.  The service was extremely fast, as well.  I received  these pacifiers much more quickly than I expected.  Thanks for the great service  and unique product.|pos
We were given this pacifier in the hospital, and it is the only one that my little girl has ever had.  She LOVES it, and so do I!  I was so glad when I found them to order since we were only given 1 at the hospital.  I have recommended them to several friends who have used them and love them as well.  It is sturdy, yet soft and comfortable for the baby.  Before my little girl was born, I had bought MAM pacifiers since that is what my first daughter used (until she started sucking her thumb), but when I compared the Gumdrop to the MAM, it was so much softer without that plastic shell around the outside.    I would HIGHLY recommend this pacifier to anyone having a baby.  In fact, I think this will be my new shower gift for all moms!!|pos
I bought these in order to have extras besides the one given to us in the hospital. I also wanted ones that were more girl since the one in the hospital was teal. This is the pacifier brand recommended me by my pediatrician - luckily it works with my daughter because it did not for my son (he never took any pacifier).|pos
We love this pacifier it is wonderful and does not hit baby in the nose|pos
I was so reluctant to have my babies use pacifiers, and I waited until well after I had established breastfeeding to really give these a go. But now that we use these (just to help them go to sleep), I can't believe we waited so long. We initially received these in the hospital, but I chose not to use them for a while. But then my lactation consultant noted that the Gumdrop/Soothie nipple is definitely fine for breastfed babies, and so I decided to try to use them in place of me when they needed to go to sleep, especially during the day. My babies were sucking just for comfort ALL THE TIME, and while some of that is good (and good for your milk supply), most women probably can't spend all day serving as a human pacifier. Enter the Gumdrop. My babies both love it. If they are tired, they'll go to sleep immediately after the Gumdrop goes in their mouths. These pacifiers rarely fall out and don't cover up their cute little faces like the Soothies do. Big, big fan.|pos
The baby liked it fine but it is difficult to get clean.  Water stays inside the nipple.  Not as good as the regular Nuk which costs about the same for a 2-pack.|neg
Out of all the different pacifiers we tried, theses are babys' favorites. Don't waste your money on others.|pos
These cardinal paci's help make my nephew a cardinal fan from head to toe. Along with his Cardinal outfit , bucket hat and blanket he is a true fan.|pos
I just received baby sheep with pacifier and little girl sheep with pink bow.  Both are absolutely adorable.  I love the Serta Sheep and lambs and am so happy to find a place that sells them.  I thank you, Amazon for your good merchandise and fast delivery.    Toby Fox|pos
Baby and mother loved this product..worked great..just remember if you have a dog he will love the smell to and eat it.|pos
Love the Wubbanub and so does my baby. When not in his mouth he likes to hold the monkey. I am planning on giving one to my pregnant friend.|pos
Our child isn't big on any pacifier but he's taken to these ones the best.  They don't have a top or bottom so we don't have to make sure it's in correctly which is nice at night.  They also come with plastic covers that clip right on so when it's in the diaper bag or in a pocket the part of the pacifier our son sucks on doesn't get dirty.|pos
I just got this paci for my 3 month old son and he loves it! In the picture shown here it looks like the wings are kind of a purple color, they are actually a really bright vibrant blue, which I like better, it was a nice little surprise.|pos
When we would put my son down for naps he would always loose his pacifier.  With the Wubbanub, it rests on his chest and he doesn't loose it.  Now that he is 5 months old, if he looses it, he finds it again and puts it back in his own mouth.  LOVE IT!|pos
I spent 10 dollars including shipping for one of these when I could have purchased 3 for 10!  Buyer beware, BabyHaven is aware that there are better deals and when I brought this to their attention they ignored me.  Do your research, much better deals elsewhere!|neg
I bought one of these for our little guy since it was the same paci he had used at the hospital and it looked very cute. He really seemed to like it for the twelve hours we had it before my dog got a hold of the paci and chewed it (new mom, still learning:). To my dismay, you can't change out the paci...so you are stuck. Basically, you are paying for one REALLY expensive (albeit cute) pacifier. There are other brands out there that allow you to change out the pacifier. We returned this (excellent customer service) and bought a paci-plushi monkey and are very happy with it.|neg
The pacifier themselves are just fine..... but the yankees symbol wore off after only 2 days......  save your money and don't bother...|neg
These were the same as the ones the hospital issued, only in pink. That is what I wanted, that is what they sent. Perfect.|pos
Mi son loved this paci. Really he felt in love the minute he saw it  Pros:  He could hold hug it and find it easy  Cons:   The cleaning.  I could only wash them by hand (you cannot put the item on the washing machine)  I really recommend this product|pos
I ordered these pacifiers because they are shown here as being neutral in color, but I recieved blue pacifiers with trucks on them!  And I have a girl!!! Its ok to say colors may vary if they work for both sexes, but this is not acceptable. Needless to say, they are going back.|neg
My three month old son LOVES his Wubbanub!  He holds onto the stuffed puppy and is able to maneuver the pacifier into his mouth all on his own, which saves me from washing so many dropped pacifiers.  The stuffed animals are all really cute, and they are the perfect size for little hands to pick up and squeeze.  My son likes to hold onto his Wubba, pacifier within easy reach if he feels like sucking, while he swings and sleeps.  In fact, now that we have one, I am not sure I could get him to go to sleep without it!  I would recommend this to anyone with a little one that likes pacifiers.  Love it!|pos
My 7 month old son also managed to put the entire pacifier in his mouth.  If this had happened during the night, he would have suffocated.  PLEASE DO NOT GIVE THIS PACIFIER TO YOUR OLDER BABY!  I can't believe that these are on the market.  This is a tragedy waiting to happen.|neg
The paci given at the hospital was the only one our son would take.   This wubbanub has the paci just like the hospitals.  It's just heavy enough to stay in place so you aren't constantly having to put the paci back in your infant's mouth.  Then, when your baby is old enough they can hold on to the wubbanub's ears or paws and put it in their mouth all by themselves.  Great for them to carry around when they are older and most importantly the paci is big enough that when dropped it never rolls away - we never lost one!  We bought three.  toss in washer.  It's a perfect shower gift.|pos
I've always gotten the wubbanub pacifiers but the monkey is by far my favorite.  The weight of the monkey helps keep it in an infants mouth and when they get older they can find them easily in the night.  Super great product and prompt delivery.|pos
I too purchased other pacifiers and this is the only one that my son will take. I am nursing him and it has helped with his need for additional sucking after feeding. None of my other children would take pacifiers, but I bet they would have taken this one had I tried this particular brand. It is the best pacifier for us.|pos
Ive been searching for these pacifiers in stores, but they do not sell them anywhere. Thank god theres amazon.com! Anyway- my son was given the gumdrop pacifier when he was first born in the hospital and he loved it.  We lost the pacifier and bought some soothies-- the nipple shape is the same as a soothie, but the soothie is too round and bulky and his mouth doesnt fit on the pacifier like the gumdrop.  It takes my son a while to suck on the soothies, but with the gumdrop once its in, he loves it. The shape contours the mouth and makes it easier to suck...  I wish they sold these in stores so we didnt have to pay for shipping! :-) I highly recommend this over the soothie!|pos
After Gerber changed their latex pacifiers with the rounded ends, I went through literally pacifier after pacifier trying to find one my son would take so I could get some sleep.  These are absolutely the only ones he will take.  The only bad thing about them is they are VERY expensive.  However, it's worth it to get a good night's sleep.|pos
Great in helping to keep her Ci-Ci in her mouth with just a little weight to keep it from falling out. It helps if she puts her arm or hand behind its head and a gentle fall out of her mouth is quickly recovered but it doesn't survive a spit out or quick fall out---still great! One less time to reach over to put it in. I'd say it helped to keep it in 30% more than without. It also is great for her to snuggle and suck to soothe! Definitely helps that soothies are one of her favorites too. Great! Soft! Comforting in more ways than 1!|pos
My newborn baby girl likes it too much. I have tried some other soothies. But all of those are harder compared to this one. This pacifier helps soothing a child to sleep.|pos
These looked totally different than what is shown on picture, not even close....different color, different shape...|neg
We just got this in the mail this past weekend and my son loves it! At 2 1/2 months he is able to place the paci back in his mouth when it falls out. He even likes to chew on the giraffes ears and arms! Before he did not like to take the pacifier and would only keep it in his mouth for a minute or two. Now it stays!|pos
We own 3 Wubbanub, The lion, the monkey and the giraffe. The lion is the smallest of the 3 but works the best in the car seat. Our daughter is 5months old and can easily find him and put him in her mouth. Also makes it esy for us to find when driving.|pos
I thought many times whether I should have our newborn get used to pacifiers but after much deliberation and research- I went for it and purchased these GumDrop pacis.  So far so good.  Our 4 week old baby boy loves the pacifier and definitely helps for him to be soothed.<br />Because it is not one of those orthodontic paci types- babies will not be too dependent on it.|pos
My nephew is 7 months old and from birth he used the Soothie pacifier and loved it so when he started teething, I wanted to get him something similiar to what he was using and this was perfect, he loves to put things in his mouth and the texture of this is great, although he dosen't like to use it as a pacifier, the nipple is different.|pos
I bought a different brand pacifier pocket first and it did not zip closed and I was always loosing pacifiers and they were getting dirty because the design of the pocket was awful.  Now that I have this one I am much happier!  I can fit two pacifiers in it and zip it closed.  I will be ordering another one - as you can't have enough of these for clean and secure pacifier storage!|pos
I bought these because so many babies love them but my son hates these.  Not to mention that they are huge on his little face.|neg
I've tried many with this similar nipple shape, and this one has worked best for our baby.  It's great for small mouths, our daughter would gag on many.  This has a shorter stem.  Cleans fine.  It will get water inside but it squeezes out.  I have bought many.|pos
We have 4 babies and by them having their own animal, we always know who's is whos.|pos
Purchased this as a gift for a soon-to-be-mom relative. It is so cute, I'm sure she will love it. Arrived in very good time.|pos
My daughter refuses to eat more than an ounce or so every few hours, even when she was starving (been like that since she was born, she actually refused to eat the first 72 hours. Guess she never really caught onto the whole sucking thing) and would not accept any type of pacifier(like many parents we bought every pacifier on the market). That was until a friend told us they had a similar dilema and bought us a pack to try out. She absolutely loves them! They are perfect hold overs for until she really wants to eat.    These pacifiers are one piece and without the plastic guard. The advantage to this is that it reduces the chances of nasties lurking in the seams/cracks of where the plastic joins the nipple from improper washing or not sterilizing. Unless you are disassembling your childs two piece pacifier(plastic from nipple) and cleaning it, you're not cleaning it as well as your tell yourself.    Some  perhaps your child shouldn't be using them. These are NEWBORN PACIFIERS as stated on the package. If your child is not a NEWBORN then it's probably best to move onto other pacifiers more appropriately sized for your child. Everyone is different but I have a hard time believing a NEWBORN(as these are made for NEWBORNS) can swallow the entire pacifier. I've tried and had trouble myself.    Other complaints about the lack of 'bulbing' at the tip of the pacifier which makes it difficult for the newborn to hold in it's mouth is nothing more than laziness. Pay your child more attention. If your child is sucking her thumb(or mittens, sleeves, blankie, what have you) then she/he is  either hungry or wants comfort. If you're sticking a pacifier in a NEWBORNs mouth just so you don't have to listen to them cry, it's probably a good time to rethink your methods of raising a child. A pacifier is a great way to comfort or help increase her appetite(we used these to increase her appetite and get her in the habit of sucking so she would eat more) but should not be used simply as adistraction so you don't have to deal with them.     Lastly, people say these are ugly as sin. I agree, but your child doesn't care:) Just like all the decorations or excessive amount of money you can spend on newborn clothing, your child does not care.    If it works, it work. Every child is different. For our kid that had trouble grasping the 'sucking' motions for the first few months(whether it was breastfeeding or the Playtex slow flow latex wide nipples which are the absolute slowest nipples around!), these helped her become strong and healthy!|pos
I purchased this pacifier for my new granddaughter and we were pleasantly surprised at the quality and cuteness. It feels well made and is much better looking in person then in the photo. I will most likely be buying more so we always have one on hand for our little princess.|pos
This pacifier is only for newborns. My son is 7 months and also stuck the whole thing in his mouth. Thank, Goddess I  happened to be looking  at him when it happened  and went into mommy auto pilot.|neg
Matches the JJ Cole diaper bag; easily holds 2 pacifiers; wipes clean; closes easy and attaches to any bag. Meets all expectations. Enjoy!|pos
We got this at the reccomendation of a Doctor in the PICU.  Our baby boy was always spitting out his paci on accident, or as a game.  The Wubbanub is the best thing since a bouncy seat.  The toy gives him something to hug while sucking his paci,and the added weight of the bear helps keeps the paci in his mouth.  And if the Paci drops it will not roll under furniture (Never good to have a screaming baby while parents are on hands and knees surching frantically for the paci).  I am thinking about getting another just to have a spare on hand because he is gonna love this one to bits.|pos
Our daughter loves these pacifiers, however, just make sure when purchasing you realize Amazon chooses the color for you. We were not disappointed, we received 2 purple pacifiers.|pos
This is a wonderful and fun way to keep track of your baby's paci.  My daughter is not really a paci baby but she does love her monkey.  It also makes it easy for little ones to find their paci while in the crib.|pos
My daughters got these as a gift from my sister in law.  When they were born they were all over 5lbs so the girls spent only a few hours in the NICU.  Once they brought them to our room I asked for a pacifier.  The nurses refused so I sent my husband home for these.    Love Love Love them!!!! The girls were able to keep them in their mouth without us having to help.  With triplets this has been a lifesaver. Our morning nurse used to work the NICU and was so impressed that she took one up to show them.     Not only does it sooth them but our friends and family now look at who has the horse, kitty or dog to figure out which triplet they are holding.    Love Them!!!!|pos
This is the only pacifier my daughter will take.  It is a life saver.|pos
This is the cutest thing to keep with my twin girls' carseats and stroller!  The paci is just like the infant Soothie paci from the hospital and the nipple for the Soothie bottles.  My girls love their caterpillar and baby doll (the princess one).  This one has great textures and lots of colors!|pos
I love it for my daughter. She gets to cuddle the monkey while sucking on her binkie. It also helps when ever it drops it doesn't always land on the nipple side and gets dirty.|pos
These soothie pacifiers are the only ones our daughter likes. She loves them. They help her fall asleep or calm down. She spits out the avent pacifiers. You can attach a pacifier-keeper clip to them by detaching the ring that comes standard with the Mam brand and just threading the ribbon/velcro through one of the holes in the soothie. At one point, she preferred these pacifiers over the breast when she was fussy and we realized that she had nipple confusion. Now we use them more sparingly only when she's surely not hungry and they work like a charm.|pos
These pacifier wipes are great.  We initially received as a shower gift and bought more when we ran out.  They are great for cleaning a pacifier that was either dropped on the ground, thrown in a diaper bag with other stuff, etc.  The smell is very pleasant, not harsh or alcohol-smelling, safe for baby to immediately use after wiping.  Highly recommend!|pos
Quick shipment, item as described.  GREAT during those rough teething months.  My daughter never took a paci but loved chewing on this!|pos
My second son spent some time in the NICU.  He was given this because it made it easier to keep the pacifer in his mouth.  We took it home, and it works well.  I doubt we'll be using it as much as a a regular pacifer, but for newborns it's awesome|pos
this is the only paci my daughter would use in the 1st months. very easy to clean. may not be the cutest looking but does a great job.|pos
My breastfed baby resisted taking 2 other pacifiers before trying this one.  I really like that they come with tops which makes carrying a spare super easy!|pos
I am sure a lot of parents are looking for a way to make the pacifier stay in place. Well the little stuffed animal is laying on your babys chest and stays in place. I am very happy with it...less running back and forth to his room to give him his pacifier.|pos
My son had a heart condition when he was born, so when he was released from the NICU he had to go to the cardiologists where he had many tests completed.  When we were there, they gave him a vanilla scented soothie.  While I personally hate the soothie since it covers up their entire face, it was a save all!  He was so angry at the doctors, that this calmed him right down.  By the end of his visit he was asleep.  When I researched the soothie, I came across these and so far he loves them.  For whatever reason he favors the blue over the orange, but loves them both.  When he's super fussy, we give him these and he tends to calm down faster. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!|pos
This pacifier is an alternative to the soothie, with the same nipple, but a better base design.  I love the product because my baby does too.  I received ours from the hospital and promptly bought more from the actual company at $1.75 for one, or for $10.50 you get 7.  It seems to be a lot better deal to me...|pos
My baby loves hugging the lion as he falls asleep and stroking the soft satin mane. He is used to the soothie pacifier, which is wonderful for breastfeeding babies, the way they suck on it does not mess up how they suck on the nipple, which has avoided me very sore nipples!|pos
My son was a little fussy for the first 2 1/2 months.  About 3 weeks after birth I tried many different pacifiers.  The soothie wasn't my first choice because I thought it looked weird.  Eventually I gave in and bought it and my son loved it.  Once he hit 3 months he no longer wanted a pacifier and he is a happy baby.  I would definitely recommend this product.|pos
toy and pacifier in one.  easy for babies to hold.  My son doesn't even like a pacifier but I bought these before I knew that.  He still uses it as something to chew on and it keeps him satisfied when he is in his car seat!|pos
i love, love love these wubbanubs. not only are the super cute, but they work pretty good at helping baby keep pacifier in mouth, plus it also gives baby a soft texture to explore.|pos
My baby was given this type of pacifier at Northside Hospital in Atlanta and it is the only one he will take.  They aren't sold in many stores so finding them on Amazon was great.  If you can keep up with these pacifiers they'll last for a long time - the material doesn't break down like the more common brands and the outter portion is great for teething.  I highly recommend this pacifier but make sure you don't order the preemie/newborn kind... they are way too small.|pos
My breast-fed, finger-sucking infant has no interest in conventional pacifiers. He likes the Natursutten pacifiers because they're easy to hold and great fun to chew on. He can easily put this pacifier in his own mouth and take it out as he pleases. He doesn't use the pacifier much for sucking, as he still prefers his fingers, but loves to chew on all parts of it. I have found it to be easy to clean and maintain (I oil it with extra virgin olive oil after washing it so that it looks like new). A little pricey but worth it for me.|pos
I thought this product would be great for my 14 month old when I saw another mom had it, so I went out and bougght 5 of them with high hopes.<br /><br />However, within 3 hours my son got injured in his lip when he fell with the Keep-It-Kleen pacifier and began to bleed rapidly with a pool of blood beside him.  It was very scary!!!  I almosty went to the emergency room, but managed to get the blleding to stop after ten minutes or so...<br /><br />Your child will likely fall down and some point while walking, etc. and if they have the pacifier in their mouth it may cause some extensive damage to the upper, lower lip internally or externally.<br /><br />I contacted the company and they were suppose to send me some information in the mail and to no avail have I received anything from them.<br /><br />Not impressed with the level of concern and curious how many other children will be injured and tramatized from this...<br /><br />Regards,<br />Concerned Mom|neg
as first time parents, we were given the choice to use a pacifier in the hospital. after much debate b/c of breastfeeeding, we decided to let our son have it b/c our son was just very inconsolable while my milk came in. nothing worked to soothe him not shooshing, not swaddling, not anything and not even the hospital nurses could soothe him.  this was a godsend! it did not contribute to any breastfeeding problems and has been the best thing to calm our son.  he is now 3 months old and only wants it when is very stressed so he is not dependent upon it all the time, did not have nipple confusion and had learned to self soothe for the most part now by sucking his fingers.  it is really a great product and i recommend it to anyone wanting to use a pacifier for their baby. our son refuses to use any other brand or type but the soothie for the sucking action is calming to him like when he is feeding.|pos
These are just like the one they gave my daughter in the hospital.  After so many knockoff purchases that she wouldn't use I finally purchased these and they are great!|pos
The hospital where was son was born uses these pacifiers. At first I was worried about nipple confusion and concerned that the hospital gave him a pacifier without asking me. Using the Soothie pacifiers he has had no problem with nipple confusion.<br />He LOVES these things. We were given several different types of pacifiers as gifts at my shower and when we got home we gave them to him. He spit every one of them out immediately. The only pacifier he would use was this pacifier.<br />It's shaped the same as a nipple from a bottle and I think that shape is much easier for him to suck on.<br />Like I said, I was initially worried about nipple confusion, but there are some times when he just wants to suck, but isn't hungry. Without the Soothie pacifiers we wouldn't have anything to satisfy that.|pos
My son just hit 4 months. He's been teething up a storm. He always trys to chew on the sides of his paci so this is perfect. His paci with more teething space! I popped that puppy out of the package and right away he was interested in it. I can't believe how expensive some teethers are. This is simple and cute. It looks great with the soothie paci holder.|pos
This is adorable and helps stay put better with brand new baby.  Better to start it right away and very interesting to note this is the type pacifier being given at the hospital to new babies now! All shapes and styles were available on Amazon.  Good shopping place and received in just couple of days!|pos
This product really doesn't need a review.. its a great product. Obviously..thats why the hospitals give these to the infants after birth. When my son lost his he wouldnt take different pacifiers so we had to buy a package of soothies.|pos
We have 3 children and this is the first pacifier that has been enjoyed by a baby in our home. Our son chews on all sides of it.  It has a delightful Simpsons look to it when in use. We have had each size gradation and they really do change a lot. I LOVE this one. If he rolls on it at night, it's soft. I really can't say enough good about it.  I love that it's BPA free and all natural rubber.|pos
I bought a 2-pack of these, and they became the de-facto pacifiers for my girl. They are virtually indestructible!|pos
In my practice the majority of my patients are infants and children. In my office and in the nursery we offer the soothie pacifier for comfort and infants who will not suck on another pacifier are comforted by the soothie. The wubbanub was originally recommended to me by one of my patients mothers. She has triplets and stated it was a lifesaver. My granddaughter who is 4 months old has both the frog and now the monkey wubbanub she and my daughter love them.|pos
I got these for my new grandson, who is a pacifier baby with pretty good hand control at four months (just!) and we all love them.  I am buying more to have around to give as gifts--my son-in-law's idea!|pos
I purchased this and was only able to use it for a short two weeks, until it fell off of my diaper bag and is lost already!!  Other people's reviews stated that it fell off too easily, and I should have listened.  The strap that attaches it to the diaper bag closes with a snap, which is not AT ALL strong enough.  It falls off just from brushing against it.  Otherwise, it would have been a great accessory.|neg
I just bought a bunch of these because they're difficult to find in stores now.  This is our third child to use this pacifier.  My first and third son use/used these exclusively.  My second son preferred another brand but would use these in a pinch.  I have tried many other brands and these stay in better than any pacifier we have tried.|pos
My almost-three year old daughter has slept with this cute bear since the day she was born!  It is perfect!  The volume can be adjusted, it shuts off automatically after 40 minutes, and it fits snugly to the side of the crib with a velcro strap so that it cannot possibly be removed by infants.  Now that she's a big kid in a big kid bed, she still falls asleep to the soothing sounds, but she also likes to carry the bear around and play with him.  The heartbeat sound the bear makes sounds just like what you hear through the Doppler at the OB's office!  Our little boy is due in 3-1/2 weeks, and we have a bear on the way for him, too!|pos
Gumdrop, how do I love thee?  Let me count the ways:  1.  One piece construction means they are easy to clean.  We had problems with dirt collecting in the seal or soapy water getting stuck in the nipple of other pacifiers.  With Gumdrop, dirt or germs have no where to collect and hide.    2.  Medical-grade silicon means we can boil the pacifiers to sterilize them or run them through the dishwasher.    3.  Soft nipple that my baby loves.    4.  Firm frame that my baby loves to teeth on constantly, but it's not too hard for her little teeth and gums.    5.  Durability!!!  I wish every product was as durable as these pacifiers!  We've been using them 24/7 for 10 months and they are still in perfect condition.  I check them regularly for wear since she chews so hard on them and we treat them pretty rough, but so far they're perfect!    6.  BPA safe.  Yes, they are.  The center frame is not BPA free, however, it is completely covered by the medical-grade silicone so the baby is never in contact with the center frame.  You shouldn't use it IF the silicone layer becomes compromised, obviously.  (Perhaps if you ran them over with a car, the silicone layer would be compromised.  Otherwise, it holds up amazingly well.)    7.  The cut-out for the nose seems like a little thing, but it's a big thing to my baby.  This is the only one-piece pacifier with the nose cut-out that I could find.    8.  Little hole for a binky strap to loop through, which is critical for us.    Bottom line:  Love love love these pacifiers!|pos
We bought this as a gift for a baby shower, then had to go out and get it for ourselves. We love it! It is easy to clean, easy to carry, and looks fabulous. Highly recommended!|pos
This is a wonderful product.  My daughter likes this brand of pacifier, and the puppy really helps on a number of levels.  First, at 8 weeks, she can grab on to the puppy, helping to keep the paci in place.  Second, the puppy has saved the paci part from many falls (no 5 second rule needed).  Third, the dog sits on my daughter's chest while in her chair or in bed, so if she spits out the paci, it doesn't go far (and she is often able to retrieve it on her own).  Fourth, it's much harder to lose the paci when there is an adorable puppy attached.  The price is reasonable; the construction is very durable; and the dog is doggone cute.  This is our second  kid and our second round with Wubbanub infant pacifiers (animal + paci); they have a great selection and create a truly reliable product.|pos
One of the best pacifiers we've tried. Both Soothie and the newer version, the Gumdrop, have been real lifesavers for us. They don't cause nipple confusion in breastfeeding infants, and don't cause nipple pain for mommy!<br /><br />They can be a choking hazard, which is why there are warnings that when the baby can fit the entire pacifier (including the ring outside the nipple) into their mouth, it's time to get rid of the pacifier. The company punched holes in the ring in case a baby does try to swallow the entire pacifier, so the baby will be able to breathe until they get medical help.<br /><br />Wonderful item for upset babies or to help a baby fall asleep, but I don't recommend leaving it alone with an unsupervised infant.|pos
this paci is great for nursing moms. it helps the baby with sucking and avoids nipple confusion. it's also soft for the baby to keep in its mouth. i've tried many different ones until i got this one and my baby was hooked on it in seconds. he will actually gag on any other paci that i try to put into his mouth. this is the best product ever created. the only downside of this is that i have to order it online and cannot get it in the stores.|pos
My son got used to this binky while he was in the NICU after he was born.  I couldn't find them at any stores, but was able to find them here!|pos
I got one of these in the hospital when my first son was born two years ago. I have tried other pacifiers from Soothie and this is the only one that my newborn seems to be able to keep in. I was not able to find the Gumdrop version in stores, so I was so jazzed to find it here. The baby is happy, so mommy is happy.|pos
So here's the deal...any of the Nuk pacifiers which are plain colors...pink green white etc-dont buy!  They collect water inside and you will never squeeze it out or drain it out.  Some reviews Ive read on line say you can but trust me, water stays inside.  We have thrown out probaby about 8 of these.  I cant imagine that dirty old water and soap is good for my baby to suck on.  My baby LOVES the shape of these pacifiers so we were fortunate to discover that the ones with decorative print on the front (flowers etc)are made differently and dont collect water!  I wish I had taken the time to write to Nuk and send all of those faulty ones back.  I am surprised they are still selling these in the market.  There should be a major recall!|neg
I love these pacifiers because my son loves them so much. I tried every pacifier I could find on the market and he spit all of them out except this one. It is comforting to him when he is upset and works well when it is time to go to bed since he is weaning off his bottle. Since they come in a two pack, I don't have to worry if one gets misplaced. Great value and a great price!|pos
I have one of these at home already and needed a new one to replace the old. I love these, they are great for your infant. My daughter loves it and has so since birth. The seller was great and I got it fast too! Overall LOVE IT!|pos
I had to get this pacifier online because the other one that my baby had he lost it and couldnt stop crying.. He wanted his pacifier and the other ones that he had he didnt want it.. They were too small. So I got it and he still loves it... Even though he is growing and doesnt use it a lot like before... It will be easier for me to take it off..I reccomend this pacifier just try not to lose it... I went to the store and bought it but they didnt have it.. so thats why i had to order it online..|pos
This is our second wubbanub (our dogs finally got to the other after 4 months). We love this thing.  Our baby was given a soothie at the hospital but we needed a way to keep it off the floor. This thing is a great solution. It is easy to spot across the room. When she spits the pacifier out it will usually just sit on her chest and she can sometimes get it back in on her own even without hands. Now that she is getting older she really seems to like the animal more and more. She pets it to soothe herself to sleep and now that she is interested in toys, she always has one near (even when we forget all her other toys). I have never tried any other pacifiers, but if your baby is a soothie baby, then the wubba nub is the way to go!|pos
This is our third Haba binky (pacifier) chain.  It is one of the only chains we could find to hold the binky given to us by the hospital.  The clip is a necessity to keep the binky off the floor and attached to us, the child, or the stroller/baby carrier.  We would absolutely recommend this pacifier chain.|pos
I'll keep it brief.  I had resigned myself to the fact that my daughter was just one of those babies that doesn't like pacifiers.  We had tried literally 5 other brands of pacifiers before the binky, and i really wish I'd just bought this one first.  With every other pacifier, she would make this disgusted face, and nearly spit it out of her mouth.  Imagine my surprise, when, at 3 months old, I gave her the binky, and she sucked away happily.  I thought maybe it was a fluke at first, but it always stops her crying.  It's a godsend!|pos
Not only are the Wubbanubs super cute, my son can easily find it in the middle of the night without waking up the family!|pos
I was worried because the pacifiers like this that you purchase in the store are not the same as the ones you get in the hospital.  I was very pleased with this product and besides changing colors from green to purple my infant had no problem switching.|pos
I love this.  Some reviewers need to lighten up.    Our 10 month old doesn't use a pacifier, but we got it in long enough for a few good snapshots.|pos
old review:  I bought these because my baby likes soothie pacifiers and I thought these were cuter.  As I read the packaging I saw they have a polycarbonate base surrounded by silicone.   BPA is used to make polycarbonate.  The BPA is surrounded by silicone, but if the silicone barrier fails you are giving your baby BPA to suck on.  I did notice the packaging very carefully says pthalate and latex free, but no mention of BPA because it is not BPA free.  Too bad because I do like them better than the soothies, but for me it's just not worth even the potential risk of spending a good part of the day sucking on BPA.  edited to add:  I noticed that they are now listed as BPA free on the website and emailed them.  They sent me back a note that they made a change to the internal guard last year and no longer sell the ones with polycarbonate!  I found that very very reassuring and would now happily use them.   From their email:  Our GumDrop is BPA Free.  We had made a change to the internal guard last year and no longer sell the GumDrop with the polycarbonate guard.  I really respect a company that responds to the concerns of worried moms!|pos
My son isn't a big pacifier guy but he loves chewing in this thing! It really provides some teething relief for him. He has 5 teeth already at 10 months and this teether holds up great!|pos
My baby loves this. We used to have problems with her paci falling to the floor all the time.  Now it rarely happens.  She spits it out and just stays on her chest.  And it is so cute.|pos
This is an absolute lifesaver. My 2 month old son tends to lose his pacifier a lot, and the horse holds it perfectly in place. Plus, he loves to cuddle the horse! When he is not using the pacifier, he is cuddling it. He loves to chew on the feet too!    The only con for this is it's best when used in a swing, bouncer, carseat, etc. It tends to pop out when he is laying on his back and turning his head from side to side. But it's worth having! It'll pay for itself when you don't have to keep doing gymnastics leaning over the backseat trying to keep the pacifier in their mouth while driving!|pos
These pacifiers are the same kind that I got from the NICU for my daughter and she would not use any other brand or shape. This is the only place that I was able to find these pacifiers and not have to by a whole box. I ordered these and contacted them to fix something on my order and they were very nice and helped me out without any problems, PLUS they still got shipped to me very quickly.   My daughter loves these and the colors are so much cuter than Soothie.|pos
My son loves these pacifiers and has been using them since he was about 2 weeks old (he's 5 months now).     The handle is fun for baby: I always hand him his binky so he can grab the handle first. This way, he decides whether he wants to teethe the sides or suck on the nipple.     They wash well in the dishwasher and come out pristine. The construction is sturdy and, despite dire warnings in baby books, the individual pieces will not separate and become a choking hazard, not even if you tug on them very hard, not even after 100 rounds in the dishwasher.|pos
My son seems to like this style pacifier the best so I went out and bought two more packages.  They come in pink & green or blue & green. (Buy them in the store though if you can find them.  I got mine at Target for $3.49/ two pack.)  I like that they are very easy to clean.  I will either run them through the dishwasher or in our microwave steam sterilizer to clean.  They do not come apart and it is nice to have a small handle to grab onto them or clip a pacifier tether onto it.  They do not wrap around my son's face like other brands and they have big air vents to keep from having too much moisture up against his face.|pos
My infant will only use this pacifier, and I routinely recommend it to parents who have tried other pacifiers and their child doesn't not take to them. I like that the pacifier is all in one piece and that there aren't any hard parts to be uncomfortably places if lost in bed or the car seat. This pacifier does not leave marks on the face, and the cut out makes it so the child's nose isn't covered.    This pacifier is difficult to find in retail stores, but can be ordered in bulk from the supplier. My only complaint about this pacifier is that ordinary pacifier clips do not work with this pacifier.|pos
My 6mo loved his little froggy.  Unfortunately it is now lost somewhere in the house or car...so I'd recommend buying extras.|pos
These are the best my son loves it. He will not take any others buy this one, it will make you life alot better|pos
This is the only pacifier that my son will take.  He was in the NICU for 23 days and this is the pacifier that the hospital used.  They also make bottles with the exact same nipple as the soothie.  I don't use them (I use Dr. Brown's), but if you have a picky nippler it might be something to look into.|pos
I didn't want to give my baby a pacifier AT ALL. I was paranoid that since I was breastfeeding, that any pacifier was going to ruin things... but we were at the hospital for a test and the baby was fussing a bit and the nurse asked if we had a pacifier and I said no. She reached into the cupboard and pulled out one of these, saying they were highly recommended. We took it from her, thanked her, and threw it in the diaper bag. (We didn't try it right then because, as I mentioned, I did NOT want my baby to use a pacifier.)<br /><br />And then came a time when he was really fussy. And we had just watched The Happiest Baby on the Block DVD and learned that Sucking is something that, ironically, PACIFIES a baby and calms them down... so I gave the baby the Soothie...and he loved it! LOVED IT! I immediately went out and bought two more 2-packs (from Target and Babies R Us). I also bought the next-stage pacifiers (one step up from newborn).<br /><br />Of course if he is super agitated (or hungry) then it won't stay in his mouth, but if he is somewhat calm already, then it's enough to keep him calm. I never thought the pacifier was too heavy, as another reviewer thought, claiming that was why it wouldn't stay in the baby's mouth. I also never thought the pacifier holder was too big. I didn't have any pacifier attachers yet, so I just bought the ones made for this pacifier and it worked just fine.<br /><br />As far as the breastfeeding worries, I continued breastfeeding for a few weeks after the introduction of the Soothie with no ill effect.|pos
We had the old Haba pacifier chains (the ones that detach in the middle) and was surprised by the short length of this one; but we found out that this is the new standard length.  Our son uses the Mam pacifiers, the ones without the little ring. A good way to attach them to the chain is to remove the silicone ring that comes with the Mam holder (usually comes free with the pacifiers) and put it on this one.  So, all the pacifiers can be easily attached / removed.  However, with the european style pacifiers (the ones with the ring attached) this holder takes 30 sec. longer to attach. To get the pacifier off, it's a different story, and depends on how wet the little cord gets!   We've had it for a couple of months, and the cotton cord is surprisingly sturdy and shows no wear!  The clip is slightly loose since our son realized that he can detach it just by yanking it.|pos
The reason that these pacifiers are advertised as being for children WITHOUT teeth has to do with the fact that they are made of soft plastic that can be chewed through and that babies with teeth (3 months and up) can possibly chew through them and maybe swallow the pieces. The company that manufactires them makes a sturdier rubber version that cannot be bitten through, called the Super Soothie. However, i tried buying them for my daughter and she HATED them and ONLY uses the Soothie (has never taken any other pacifier.) She LOVES them. She is 2 now so she is ready to gradually wean from the pacifier altogether. And yes she has chewed a hole in one or two of them but no harm done! But thats the reason why the company states that about the teeth. they Are NOT considered bad for your child's teeth and will be comparable in that way to any other pacifier out there.    [...] Is the website of the manufacturer.|pos
We've tried out nearly all the major brands of pacifiers until a seasoned child caregiver recommended this one.  It's the only one my baby will accept, enabling us to use both our hands now that she doesn't have to suckle on parents' finger.  Being able to see inside her mouth while is suckles is amusing as well.|pos
We actually got about 8 of these binkeys between shower gifts and what he was given in the NICU and we loved having all of them.|pos
My 4 month old wouldn't take any other pacifier besides his Soothie, but had such a hard time keeping it in his mouth!  This allows him to either hold on to it or for me to tuck it under his blanket so that it doesn't fall out before he goes to sleep.  And it's so darn cute!|pos
This product looks hillarious on my son though I would only use it for taking pictures and such. He really doesn't like the shape of the nipple itself though I've seen some other children like however :)|pos
Everything went quick and was very easy....we received the pacifiers very quickly. I would definitely use them again!|pos
Before my baby was born, I had read favorable reviews about the Wubbanub pacifiers, and so I registered for them, thinking they would be nice to have.  Well, now that I have them, I cannot imagine life with out them!  Not only do they use my son's favorite brand of pacifier, the Soothie, which most hospitals use, but the lightweight attached toy is of great benefit by helping the pacifier stay in place!  When my son accidentally spits out the pacifier, instead of it bouncing off of him to who-knows-where, it stays in practically the same spot, just below his chin, provided he does not knock the stuffed animal out of the way.  I like this system better than any pacifier clips I've used because with the clips, he'll spit out the pacifier, and although it is still attached to him, it will likely drop to his side and far from his mouth.  With the Wubbanubs, the pacifier stays nearby more often than not, and any parent who has ever used a pacifier knows that that is a great thing!!!  These are definitely worth the money, and be sure to get at least one for the diaper bag and one for home!|pos
On a recommendation of a friend, we ordered these for our daughter and began using them at 2 days old.  Not only are they similar to the Soothies provided by our hospital, these are also recommended for nursing babies, because they don't cause nipple confusion.  Our daughter has shown no signs of confusion, and takes quite well to her GumDrops.  In fact, I just ordered several more sets, as we've lost quite a few already.  Well worth the price for our family...I just wish I could order them by the dozen!|pos
JUST like the ones they give you in the hospital (but they never give you more than one so if you lose it you're out of luck!) but in cute colors! Highly reccomended!|pos
This was too big and clunky for sleeping with, but he loved it when he was awake. It was fun for him to play with and use as a teether in addition to sucking on it like a pacifier.|pos
They gave my son this pacifier in the hospital and I had to get him more of them since he loved them. Especially the vanilla ones. I highly recommend them!|pos
What a great little bink espically for new babies.  The binks are nice and small they don't seem like they are covering the whole face like some other ones do.  The seller was amazing!  They had my order delivered in just a few days.  I would use them again for sure!|pos
Got the first one at the hospital where my baby was born and she loves it.  Easy to clean and safe. I highly recommend it.|pos
This product is perfect.  It won't fall on the floor.  I wish they made these in the vanilla scented Soothie.|pos
After purchasing probably 30 or 40 pacifiers for my 2 month old son so his babysitter wouldn't go insane, we found the Gerber soft center rounded pacifier was all he would take - mind you this was the larger older version. Then Gerber mindlessly 'revamped' the soft center to what it is today. The customer service rep said that 'Gerber didn't think babies would notice the change' - well, he did. He sucked on the same two pacifiers until I found the Natursutten - a year later. Although they are exceedingly more expensive, I purchased five and retired the Gerber. My son barely noticed the change, even though the base is a little wider (the part where his lips meet together). Thanks again. I would recommend this to anyone in the same situation; just try one and see if your little one will take it, it's worth the ten bucks.|pos
Great to clip on to stroller handle and keeps the pacifier in it's safe place.|pos
My son has used his froggy and ducky since he was two months old and he is now 21 months old.  He loves them!  We have had both since he was months old and never lost either of them.  We have had a couple of scares but were able to go right back to the places we were and find them right away.  I buy these for everyone I know who is having a baby.  At least one out of two people I have gotten them for use them on a regular basis.  They are ingenious.|pos
Our daughter loved this and used it quite often until she grew out of it.  Highly recommended.|pos
This product changed our life!  In the beginning the Wub-a-nub is great because it acts as a weight on the baby's chest so that they do not lose it as often.  You can even wrap a swaddle around it to ensure that it stays put.  As they get older, the stuffed animal is something that they can feel for and find in the dark.  My little girl loves her wub and so do her Mom and Dad!|pos
This pacifier was my babies favorite. Its just like the hospital one except the little nose part is cut out. Its great! When your baby is little you will feel like the hospital binky is pressing against the baby nose. It isn't, but you won't worry about that with this pacifier. I buy a 5 pack at a time and give one to every new baby that is born to my friends. Its a great gift!|pos
This is a great pacifier! We were given our first set in the hospital   when we had our daughter. It was recommended by the nurses who worked in the pedi-unit. You cannot find these in stores, that I know of, so only option is to order on-line. Any parent that I know who has these cannot have enough of them! I highly recommend these pacifiers above any others you can buy!!|pos
Loved the teeth. They look great on the babies and are also a great gift for my equally goofy friends.|pos
This is our second Wubbanub. My son loves them. I do  wish you could somehow detach the pacifier to wash the animal, but they're affordable enough that I don't mind  replacing them.|pos
This pacifier may seem big and bulky to some, but it is the absolute best for baby's mouth and teeth and my son loves it.  I plan on buying the teething pacifier soon as well.|pos
my second daughter would not take the avent pacifiers that my first daughter liked so much.  she was very colicky and this was the only pacifier that would soothe her.  i highly recommend it, just check them often when your children start getting teeth, as they might chew on the pacifier and the nipple could be chewed off.  still worth buying many of them!!!!|pos
We've had Wubbanubs since our son was 3 months old, he's 8 months now and he loves them. The attached toys make the pacifiers easy to find and hold onto for us and for our baby. We like to keep one handy wherever we go: at home in the nursery or play area, in the car, in the diaper bag, and for daycare. If your baby uses Soothie pacifiers, this is an excellent addition  to your baby gear! Also a plus, Wubbanub  makes the red dog and yellow duck plush toys attached to a lovie-type blankie so when your ready to be rid of the pacifier, you can substitute the blankie and not take away your baby's favorite cuddle toys. I recommend this product to all new parents.|pos
My exclusively breastfed 5 month old has used only this pacifier since 6 weeks old. She refuses all other pacifiers, but loves the gumdrop. I love the design with the cut out for the nose and all one piece. It is also soft enough that if it gets lost in the bed or carseat it is not super uncomfortable or hard. It is funny looking, and slightly odd to see all the way into a child's mouth, but overall we love the product and recommend it to others.|pos
All I know is that both of my daughters (they are 17 months apart) LOVE these pacis....for some reason, they like the newborn ones, even though my oldest is two.  They really are pacifiers!|pos
I was given one by the hospital when my son was born and he loves it. I bought one more at the hospital's baby boutique and ordered 5 more online. Gumdrops really are the best pacifiers I have found. My son will not take any other kind of pacifier. He has to have his gumdrop. I really wish I had these when my first three where little. I couldn't get them to take a pacifier at all.|pos
My aunt sent me one of these when my son was born and he loved them so much I ended up ordering more, and giving some as baby shower gifts. All the mommies I know who have used them, LOVED them. They stay in the mouth a lot better than regular pacifiers and are a lot more comfortable! It was also a lot easier on me breastfeeding him because the nipple is similar to a real one. With regular pacifiers I found that they were always falling out..NOT THIS ONE! I HIGHLY RECOMMEND this product for newborns and up!|pos
When my boy looks back on his baby photos a few decades from now, he's probably going to think his father was a weirdo. That's OK. Who knows, maybe he'll get a laugh out of them? Certainly a lot of other people do. Hmmmm. I wonder what the kid thinks when people look into the carriage and laugh at him? When does he develop his sensitivities anyway? I guess I better not use these things overly long. In any case, I've noticed various versions of these Billy Bob Teeth, and I just had to try them out. Sorry, guy.<br /><br />Gary Peterson|pos
The infant soothie pacifier is the only pacifier my LO has taken to since she first had one in the hospital.  They are safe and are all one piece.  Solid and sturdy. Much easier to buy online than to hunt down in stores   Highly recommend.|pos
was given one of these at hospital baby will take no other kind, was very happy to find these at a great price.|pos
My daughter has used Soothie pacifiers since she was about a week old. Now that she's in the chewing stage (about 6 mo), we got this one for daytime use. She loves it! It looks funny when she sucks on it because it's so big, but she doesn't seem to mind.|pos
This pacifier was the best part of my son's Halloween costume. We got so many compliments on it. It is so much easier than putting a baby in a goofy costume they don't want to be in.|pos
The Blue Super Soothie Pacifier looks like the ordinary green ones but is made of thicker material.  It works wonderfully for older children.  My 19 mos old son is teething and chews on his hands constantly.  He won't use teething toys but he chews the edge of the pacifier.  He could bite through the green ones but the blue one is thick enough he cannot bite through.|pos
My baby's nurse recommended this pacifier when he was in the NICU.  He is 14 months and still loves to carry it around.  I was worried because the soothie pacifier can't be detached but these have lasted 14 months and I throw them in the washer/drier and they come out like new.  They claim to be for up to age 3-6 months but they are actually quite durable.  Soothie makes pacifiers for older kids but not in a Wubbanub.      We get these for gifts for anyone we know is having a baby.  Because they are attached and weighted down (like a beanie baby) they are great for young babies who can't hold a pacifier by themselves.  It'll save you from having to constantly have to put the pacifier back in their mouth.    I love this product!!|pos
Disappointed with the Gerber paci, I bought this one after seeing the rave reviews from others, I was disappointed. It is not an expensive product but the shipping cost was more than the items - for me that was ok as long as the paci lived up to it reputation but it did not. It kept slipping out of my daughter's mouth which is average size for a two-month old - perhaps it is the unimaginative design. The big suction hole in the front of the pacifier is unattractive as well - it looks like the paci is missing a plug or something. Moreover, it made me a little nervous as she always seem to be struggling to breathe as she tried keep it from slipping out of her mouth. I am trying the avent, stay tuned for that review.|neg
We used the wubbanub with our baby and she love's them. They are easy for her to find at night on her own as the plush makes them easy to grab. So we bought them for a family member for their soon to arrive baby girl.|pos
My daughter wanted to constantly use me as her pacifier and I tried every pacifier in the store but she wouldn't latch on to any of them for more than a few seconds. I read the reviews and decided to order a few of these so that maybe I could get a few hours of sleep instead of having her 'nurse' off me all night. They worked wonders! These are the only pacifiers she will use. They are lightweight, which is great b/c they're less likely to wake her up by falling out of her mouth once she's asleep. Plus they are very bendable so if she is asleep on her side they won't put too much pressure on her little face. Thanks Hawaii Medical!|pos
My daughter wanted to constantly use me as her pacifier and I tried every pacifier in the store but she wouldn't latch on to any of them for more than a few seconds.  I read the reviews and decided to order a few of these so that maybe I could get a few hours of sleep instead of having her 'nurse' off me all night.  They worked wonders!  These are the only pacifiers she will use.  They are lightweight, which is great b/c they're less likely to wake her up by falling out of her mouth once she's asleep.  Plus they are very bendable so if she is asleep on her side they won't put too much pressure on her little face.  Thanks Hawaii Medical!|pos
All the babies in our area receive this pacifier at the local hospital when they are born.  My daughter loves it. In fact she only likes this pacifier and we have tried others.  I would recommended this paci to all!  The funny looking pacifiers are loved by all the babies I know.|pos
I have two sons and took the heartbeat bear to hospital to soothe each of them from birth. They are now 6 and 12 years old and still fall asleep within minutes of hearing the soothing heartbeat sound.|pos
Order was filled quickly, shipping was reasonable, and we got a free sample pacie. All around a great experience. I would definately do business with this merchant again.|pos
Niece loves it!  She carries it everywhere!  She may be too old for pacifiers soon but she seems to not even bother with the pacifier as much as she enjoys the animal.  It seems as the animal has her security pacifier so she is transferring her security to the animal.  Who knows?  She loves it!|pos
My son was given soothie pacifierss in the hospital, and we continued with them when we got home.  We got our first wubbanub at 3 months, and have not used anything else since.  We have about 4 or 5 at any time, and have lost sveral at Wal-Mart, or to a chewing puppy dog.  We just keep replacing them, and my son is happy.  He just turned one, and now he chews on the legs more than he sucks on the paci.  I wouldn't trade these for anything!|pos
These are the cutest things, very good for a unique baby gift.  i got 3, two for friends of mine that are expecting and one for my 2 month old.  He loves it.|pos
she loves it, this is the pacifier that stays in her crib because she only sleeps with this one|pos
I bought the Wubbanub for my 4 week old son because he could not keep his paci in at night. The Wubbanub would still fall out if he didn't suck constantly but it was much better than before. It is lightweight but I think the reason is so it will fall out if he spits up. Now at 7 weeks it stays in his mouth better and he wraps his hands around it; so cute.  This is definitely a great solution for anyone tempted to prop the pacifier. I bought 1 for my in utero niece.|pos
we got this as a shower gift and i thought it was REEEEALLY creepy. until i saw how quickly my daughter fell asleep when i turned it on. she's nearly 2 now and still loves this bear. once they outgrow the need for the sound, you can take out the sound pack and its just a regular cozy bear.|pos
At first, the duck helped keep the pacifier in our son's mouth, but as he got older, it provided hours of entertainment as well. Also, he does not lose it in his crib.|pos
[[VIDEOID:24606481]]A two-sided review|pos
my 17 month old daughter loves this pacifier.  she is old enough now to visually recognize this passifier vs the other 10 in her crib.  she prefers this one.  i think (i am guessing here) that it is because the plastic is thicker and more rubbery for chewing on than her other ones.  i don't know, but she loves it.|pos
My daughter is 10 weeks old she loves the Gumdrop pacifiers, she won't take anything else.  We used the Soothie brand as we were given it in the hospital but they are too big and round and the Gumdrops fit their little faces just right.  I am recommending this product to all new Moms.|pos
if you pull the nipple all the way to the sides, out will come a collection of 'things' from hair to lint to dry milk...one day while cleaning one of the pacifiers I noticed a piece of hair stuck to the base of the nipple, when I pulled the nipple to the side, the hair still wouldn't come off, so I pulled it really hard and along with the hair came a string of lint...I did the same thing to the other 3 pacifiers and it was the same...since then I kept an eye on these nipples and noticed that even within a few hours of use, it still collected lint and other things...... I regularly would boil the pacifiers and wash around the base of the nipple, but this isn't enough for these pacifiers...I am sending these nipples back to the company for my $$ back...don't buy these unless you are willing to constantly keep washing them within a few hours throughout the day...|neg
if you pull the nipple all the way to the sides, out will come a collection of 'things' from hair to lint to dry milk...one day while cleaning one of the pacifiers I noticed a piece of hair stuck to the base of the nipple, when I pulled the nipple to the side, the hair still wouldn't come off, so I pulled it really hard and along with the hair came a string of lint...I did the same thing to the other 3 pacifiers and found them dirty as well...since then I kept an eye on these nipples and noticed that even within a few hours of use, it still collected lint and other things...... I regularly would boil the pacifiers and wash around the base of the nipple, but this isn't enough for these pacifiers...I am sending these nipples back to the company for my $$ back...don't buy these unless you are willing to constantly keep washing them within a few hours throughout the day...|neg
i recieved two as a gift at my shower for my second son and was hesitant because my first rejected EVERY binky sold at BRU. but this time around it works like a charm, its the only one he takes so i have 5 in storage in case we lose one. it doesnt leave marks on his face and fits 'just right' in his mouth|pos
i read all the reviews and although i cannot say it is a bad pacifier, all i can say is that my daugther hates it.  She screams when we try to give it to her.  But children's sucking preferences are different and my child does not like this one bit.|neg
My daughter just turned one.  Even though the age limit to the wubbanubs is 6 months, she LOVES hers and can't live without it!  We are trying to wean her off of it, so we have 3 of them:  one is the regular wubbanub, one has a tiny part of the tip of the paci snipped off, and the third one we removed the paci all together so it looks like a regular horse.  We're transitioning to the snipped off one, then to the one with no paci on the end.  They are a great product!|pos
I had twins at 36 weeks and they were given these pacifiers at the hospital. They both love them and won't take to anything else. I tried a different paci when we were at the store and it fell on the floor. One of my boys just cried and refused to take it. If you like something visually different, try the gumdrop pacifiers. They are awesome too. One of my boys loves that one and the other loves the Soothies, but they're pretty much interchangeable as they both have the same nipple type. The gumdrop pacifiers also come in preemie size.|pos
My daughter (3.5 mos old now) LOVES this pacifier! She can actually hold onto it at this age, and we can tuck one leg of it under her stroller or car seat strap so that it is easily accessible to her. We have bought two of them so we have one for the carseat and one for the house - would definitely recommend!|pos
This pacifier was given to my daughter at the hospital. She took to it right away, and had no nipple confusion with nursing either. I'm so happy that I can buy a few more since she doesn't like the other kinds of pacifiers. You always need a couple. It's great to have something that calms a baby, and this pacifier did just that for my baby.|pos
The 1st pacifier my daughter was given was the hospital pacifier- which made it very difficult to get her take anything else because of the different shapes.... My only problem with the hosp. pacifier is the shape- its round so when she got a cold it blocked her nose and the shape of these pacifiers are great! They let her breath and she absolutely loves them! I highly reccommend them to everyone I know that has a new baby!|pos
I bought these pacifiers for my niece after she was born and now my sister can't live without it.  So, I bought another!  She is attached to it!|pos
My baby likes his Avent paci just fine, but I bought this one to try it out since it is more natural nipple shaped than the Avent.  He takes it initially with no problem, but cannot seem to keep it in his mouth more than a few seconds.  I had to keep popping it back in.  I really did give it many tries, but the problem persists.  Another downside is aesthetics.  I find it ugly and kind of creepy looking.  The Avent paci is clear, small, well ventilated and is easy to attach to a keeper.  I couldn't figure out how to attach the Soothie to the kind of keeper I have.  Needless to say, I'm staying with the Avent.  Plus, the Avent comes with a cover to keep it clean. To each their own, however.  Baby will have to decide, not mom and dad!|neg
Gerber NaturalFlex Silicone Pacifier - Green / Blue    This is the one and only pacifier that I have found that my nephew will keep in his mouth.  All of the others we tried, we had to sit there and hold them in while he sucked them or they would just pop out.  Plus some of our friends are very amazed that you can look down inside the pacifier and see them actually sucking it. Great pacifier, used this style on one of my Grandchildren, and this is an updated version.  I love it, more important he loves it.|pos
We have twin girls that are almost 2 months.  Wubbanums have been a life saver.  When one or both starts screaming, they are instantly soothed by the pacifier and because of the extra weight the stay in as opposed to other pacifiers that fall out followed by even great cries.  Of all the things we have gotten so far wubbanubs has been the best!|pos
Love this pacifier/teether. My 7 month NEVER used a pacifier but needs to SUCK on something. This thing is HUGE...he doesn't really use it like a pacifier to suck on the nipple part, he just sucks on all the parts! It's great because every piece of this is suckable!! He totally grabs for this all the time and it's not a choking hazard because it's so big. I bought two of them!|pos
I purchased the Womb Bear for my new granddaughter.  She loves it!  It helps her relax when she is crying.  It also has a velcro fastener to attach to the crib which is excellent.  A Must for a Newborn!|pos
I tried pacifier after pacifier to no avail. Most pacifiers seemed to be too long and gag my newborn, but not this one.My brother suggested this one because it is the one the hospital gave to his son who was premature. My son liked it instantly. No spitting it out. This was even better than the Nuk for newborns.|pos
I had my son in July and 4 days after his birth we had to take him to the NICU because he had jaundice so bad.  While in the NICU the nurse asked us if he likes a pacifier.  I said I wasn't sure because we had given him one of those Nuk pacifiers and he spit it out and didn't like it.  She then order him the Red Dog Wubba Nub and he has been using it ever since! We liked them so much I ordered the Blue Horse for his diaper bag and got Green Frog for the downstairs in my house.  There is literally a Wubba Nub everywhere and We don't leave home with out it.  Kids love the plush animal and like the other reviewer stated it keeps the pacifier in the babies mouth.  The Wubba Nub for me has been a life safer cuz it has allowed me to give my son the pacifier without having to hold it ---so I can be off cleaning or doing other things and don't have to listen to a screaming baby.  They make a great gift too!!  Everywhere we go people are like what is that?  That is so cool?  I have never seen a pacifier like that.  Buy it you won't be sorry!!!|pos
We haven't had any problems with this, it is much more convenient than warming up a bottle using the stove.  I also like that the cord length can be adjusted so you can have just as much as you need on your countertop.|pos
As a pediatric speech-language pathologist specializing in feeding disorders  I love the gumdrop.  The shape makes it ideal for patients on binasal cannula oxygen and CPAP; other pacifiers must be cut (often leaving sharp edges) to fit around medical apparatus.  I have had numerous patients' parents call after discharge requesting more gumdrops as it is the only pacifier their children will take.  So glad to see them available on amazon.com.|pos
Good service, cute product. It was fun to see a baby with this and take pictures. Some of the younger kids wanted to try it and hummm...some adults.|pos
If you have an infant, you need a Wubbanub!  I got my first Wubbanub for my son when he was about 6 weeks old.  Honestly, I wish I had it sooner.  This little guy sits perfectly on the baby's chest.  This, of course, leads to more peaceful naps as you are not summoned to find the paci in the middle of the night.  As my son grew, he could start to hold on to the frog part.  He loved it!  He is 8 1/2 months old now and still keeps a Wubbanub in his crib.  It is part stuffed animal, part paci and provides him much comfort through the night.  I wish I could buy these locally, but now that I know about them, I tell all my pregnant friends.  Love the Wubbanub!|pos
I recieved my first Wubbanub when my son was in the NICU after being born, he was a month and a half premature, and they gave them these pacifiers because they could be positioned to not fall out of their little mouths, and the weight of the plush animals, provided comfort.  After we got home, our dog got ahold of the Wubbanub, and tore it up. It was a looooong night, it is the only pacifier my son would take! I searched all over the internet looking for replacements, and finally came across some. These are great for the car too, because if they drop them in their carseat, they can usually grab it and put it back in their mouth. Now,I only wish they made them with the Super Soothies! If you know someone who is expecting this is a great, UNIQUE gift, that they won't even know how much they will LOVE!!|pos
Our son was born in Germany, and someone sent us one of these womb bears. I and the entire staff of the newborn nursery were totally shocked when the sound was piped in over the intercom to the newborn nursery and the entire place settled into blissful sleep within about 45 seconds. I always give these as a shower gift since then. It certainly saved our sleep. However, it is important to note they seem to work only for about the first 90 days after birth.|pos
I gave them as a gift.  They are a fun and family likes them.  They were priced well at amazon and the store that shipped them handled my issues quickly with no errors.  I would recommend them.|pos
Our baby began using the soothie as soon as she got home from the hospital and loves it.  It is hilarious to watch her little mouth work!  Everyone laughs when they see it for the first time.  I have no problems breastfeeding (but I also don't believe in nipple confusion b/c she eats from bottles since day one, and breastfeeds, and sucks the soothie).  I think that some babies may be more particular than others because mine also uses mam and advent pacies when we can't find the soothie.  I think these are a good deal and are fun because you can put your finger inside and feel the mouth working.|pos
My son was a preemie, and the NICU gave him the GumDrop preemie and full-term pacifier to use during his long hospitalization -- he absolutely loved it! Designed by a medical company, and made of hospital-grade silicone, the GumDrop is lightweight, very soft, and features a unibody construction, so there are no parts that can come loose. The shape of the pacifier allowed him (and all the other preemies in the NICU) to use it in the side-lying position, even with all his tubes (i.e. CPAP, nasal cannula, nasal gavage tube, etc.). You can put your finger in the open end, allowing you to easily control or hold the pacifier; it also allows you to feel how strong your baby's suck is. NNS (non-nutritive sucking) is very important for a baby's development, and our baby got to practice a lot of NNS with his GumDrop. It helped him to self-soothe himself as well when we couldn't be at his cribside.     Following his discharge, I have purchased two full-term mango colored pacifiers for his use. The company has since introduced full-term pink and blue colored pacifiers, but I would purchase the mango colour again. Overall, I highly recommend this product. The price is great, although the S/H charges are high.|pos
I bought this for my son and people LOVE it! I am asked all the time where I bought it from cuz they want to get it for their grandchild, niece, nephew...ect I often think Amazon should pay me for the amount of word of mouth I have given on this product... I think if you have a sense of humor and don't see it as some slam against humanity (as some reviewer has) than you'll love it, I think if you do have a problem with it you probably aren't even bothering looking at the product page and or its reviews.|pos
i bought these pacifiers before my daughter was born, simply because i thought they were cute.  these pacifiers stay in her mouth better than any others we'ver tried and she loves them!  we've tried other brands and she spits them out or can't hang on to them as well, but as soon as we give her one of these pacifiers, she calms down quickly.  however, i would definitely make sure that you buy the \\knob\\ kind.  she does have difficulty hanging on to the nipple on the one that has the handle on the pacifier (the kind that isn't the \\knob\\ pacifier).  we love these pacifiers!!!!!!|pos
The hospital I have my children at uses these.  It seems that once they are hooked, this is it!  The only problem is they are not readily available to purchase like the bigger brand names.  They also have no place to put the clip that prevents the child from losing it.  My son loves these, however, I can't seem to have enough of them because he drops them, they bounce (oh, yes, they are rubber you know) and they get lost!!!!|pos
My great husband found these online right before my daughter was born, and they are INDISPENSABLE!! The stuffed animals helped to keep the paci from falling out all the time, and my little girl loves to hold them, even when she was a newborn. Now that she is older, I watch her at night when she wakes up, she feels around, grabs her Wubby and sticks it in her mouth, so that mommy doesn't have to go in 4,000x a night to stick the paci back in! Not only that, but we get compliments everywhere we go from people asking about them...they are so darn cute.     We have the ponies (both), the kitten and the duck. The duck is my least favorite because it's wings make it hard to stand up next to your baby in the crib. This is now my standard baby shower gift for all my friends!|pos
There is not a cuter, more durable pacifier chain out there than HABA's pacifier chain! Thank goodness I happened to be at the baby store (buying a much cheaper Elmo clip), when I noticed the mother and baby in line behind me. Her baby was playing with this totally adorable pacifier chain, and thankfully the mom gave me the info. I raced home, got online, and ordered TWO. I have received many compliments on my unique find!|pos
when my babies had their portraits taken one of them really wanted his pacifier. because it's clear it looked beautiful in the photo. he loves his pacifier so it made sense in the photo and didnt detract from the look at all. it actually made him look very sweet|pos
This is the best pacifier out there for breastfed babies or babies who will only take the one from the hospital. My son wouldn't take any other pacifier but the one from the hospital. I tried every kind. This pacifier is amazing because it creates a sucking motion like that during breastfeeding. I buy them in bulk! I would not use any other kind for my child.|pos
this is the only paci that my baby will take and actually keep.  for some reason he really likes the soothie.  this is a great product and it makes such a cute baby shower gift.|pos
i bought this for my 3month old and our pacifier problems are over!!!  it works perfect and is much better looking than all the others.|pos
excellent addition to any baby's nursery. the sounds are soothing and the bear is really cute too.|pos
I bought this for my 5 week old twin boys hoping it would help them sleep but it didn't help either one.|neg
Did not like this item at all. The wings on the pacifer would not stay open so that the baby could use it. This item went in the trash!|neg
My wife bought this one when my daughter was 2 months old. We feed our daughter with bottles (mix formula with breast milk), and since each time we need to take the bottled breast milk from ref (my wife did breast bumping), and mix with formula, we use this warmer all the time. Also, when we travel out, this one is quite useful. Generally with only a little small amount of water, the bottle is warm enough to feed my baby. Also it is quite compact to put in the diaper bag (well, not compact bag though).|pos
I like that these are clear.  Unfortunately my daughter stopped using a pacifier, but when she did use it, I liked being able to still see her beautiful face.|pos
We recieved this as a gift off of our registry at Target and we love this bear.  It is very cute and cuddly and is not imposing in the crib.  The adjustable volume and automatic shutoff is also nice.  Hands down one of our favorite shower gifts.|pos
I'm currently in the process of adopting my son, and I bought this to take to Guatemala with me when I visited. It never worked - it didn't matter how much water I put in the chamber, it would never cycle on more more than 30 seconds. I then had to wait approximately 5 minutes for it to cool back down before using it for another 30 second cycle. I ended up filling the ice bucket with hot water, and letting the bottle sit in that to warm up.<br /><br />Needless to say, it's been sent back. I think I'll just use the microwave when the baby gets home - it's got to be easier and quicker than this thing.|neg
I use this bear to help put my baby to sleep, or when he is fussy.  The heartbeat sound works well to drown out other noise and is great in conjunction with Dr. Karp's Happiest Baby on the Block techniques (the 5 S's).|pos
I have been very impressed with every Avent product that I have purchased.  I have found these pacifiers to be so nice.  They are completely clear and you are able to see smiles around them.  My baby LOVES hers.  We can't live without them.|pos
The Womb Sounds Bear has put my little boy to sleep numerous times. I really think the rhythmic sound it emits helps him relax and think he is in the womb again. Most of the time I put him down when he is sleepy to begin with, but the womb sounds bear has helped him to go back to sleep if he is waking up, having a hard time drifting off, or being generally grumpy. The sound is fairly soothing, you can adjust the volume, and it even has an automatic timer that makes it shut off after 40 minutes! Myself and my husband have both laughed, saying that it has helped US to go to sleep when it is on. Great buy for new moms or for a gift.|pos
1. You can't beat the price...EXCELLENT!<br /><br />2. Easy to use.<br /><br />3. Doesn't take up much space.  I've even packed it in my suitcase and it travels well.<br /><br />4. Great for warming food & bottles.<br /><br />Suggestions:<br /><br />1. Only use distilled water in it...works much better.<br /><br />2. For cleaning: Once a month use a mixture of half distilled water & white vinegar (about 2 oz. total) pour it in the warmer and turn it on.  Doesn't smell great, but works FANTASTICALLY!!!<br /><br />LOVE, LOVE, LOVE IT!!!<br /><br />P.S.  I've been using this product for 6+ months now.|pos
I am a stay at home dad and will only put up with things that work. This one works very well. You want it warmer, you add more water next time. You want it cooler, you add less. A monkey could not mess this one up.<br /><br />I cannot understand the negative rankings. Easy to use, easy to clean! If some junk gets in it, fill it up with some water and heat it, swirl it around and wipe it with a paper towel. It takes 20 seconds!<br /><br />Whoever said it does not shut off automatically is wrong. The burner will stay warm after you use it. Just like a stove does. But it DOES shut off. I leave mine plugged in all day everday. Only an idiot would leave a bottle on the warmer for more than 15 minutes anyway. What the heck are you heating it for, if you are not going to use it? Sheesh.<br /><br />Get this one. It is inexpensive and it works. Bottom line.|pos
We love this bottle warmer.  I was a little skeptical about getting a bottle warmer after reading some of the reviews of the other brand names of warmers.  But I decided to go with this one since its reviews were good and I am so glad I did.  I love the automatic shut off function and the beep when it is finished.  Like anything else, you have to use good sense and adjust the amount of water according to how much in the bottle and check the temp before giving it to baby but I have easily learned to estimate the amount of water needed based on the amount in the bottle.  This is definitely something you will want if you are heating bottles !!!|pos
I read many reviews before purchasing this bottle warmer. Many others are reported to heat unevenly, too hot, or too cold. We've had no problems with this one! Of course I do swirl the milk around after it's heated just in case, but I works wonderfully! If you need a bottle warmer, get this one!|pos
We registered for this gift after reading the reviews... one of the best selling points is the fact that the warmer automatically shuts off. I'd hate to leave it on, and have it catch fire or burn!! It warms quickly, and you can easily adjust milk temperature by adding a little water, or using a little less. Once you determine the best temp. for you, use that amount of water every time. And it BEEPS when it's ready-- another great feature. Very inexpensive also-- we love it!|pos
I love this bottle warmer.  After researching different warmers I settles on this one.  I use Avent bottles but could not bring myself to spend 40 bucks on the Avent warmer.  I only paid 20 bucks  and it works great.  I love the automatic shut off and it warms my bottles perfectly!|pos
I finally broke down and opened this shower gift after my in-laws kept complaining that I was serving the milk to cold.  Either the bottle is still too cold, or I have had several bottles where it has heated them so that the milk burned my hand.  I am glad I did not believe the product information about no hot spots and tested the bottles first!  I only wish I had saved the packaging and got my money back.  Save your money, a cup of hot water works fine and my daughter does not mind if it is slightly cold.|neg
